By Ryan Quinn You have 5 articles left.Sign up for a free account or log in. The Anti-Defamation League and four other pro-Israel groups accused the American Association of University Professors of demonizing Israel in its framing of and publicity around a webinar titled Scholasticide in Palestine. Scholasticide is the intentional eradication of an education system. In a joint letter Thursday, the same day as the webinar, the ADL, the Academic Engagement Network, Hillel International, the American Jewish Committee and the Jewish Federations of North America condemned the events use of this term. Language used in the events descriptionincluding scholasticide and exterminationistsuggests the adoption and promotion of a one-sided and inflammatory narrative which deviates from the mission of the AAUP, the letter said. The groups said theres no evidence of any intent by Israel to systemically destroy the education system in Gaza or elsewhere. The destruction of institutions, including educational ones, is a tragic byproduct of war, exacerbated when terror groups like Hamas embed their operations within school buildings and other civilian centers. Six months into the latest war in Gaza, a group of independent United Nations experts said in a news release, It may be reasonable to ask if there is an intentional effort to comprehensively destroy the Palestinian education system. By then, the release said, the last Gazan university had already been destroyed and more than 5,479 students, 261 teachers and 95 university professors have been killed in Gaza, and over 7,819 students and 756 teachers have been injured. Miriam Elman, the Academic Engagement Networks executive director, provided Inside Higher Ed with an email from Donna Murch, a member of the AAUPs elected national council, inviting members to the webinar. Murch said the event would feature academics and right-to-education organizers who have experienced, documented and challenged Israels ongoing and systematic destruction of the education system in Palestine. An AAUP spokesperson told Inside Higher Ed, We are not aware that anyone who is objecting to AAUPs programming actually attended the event, which is part of an extended series of conversations about diverse topics of interest to our members. We take antisemitism very seriously and plan our programming consistent with the principles of academic freedom and academic responsibility that AAUP vigorously defends. The pro-Israel groups also criticized the AAUP events promotional material for not mentioning Hamass Oct. 7, 2023, attack on Israelis. The letter says, We note with dismay that this divisive event is taking place within a wider context of the AAUP being perceived as increasingly moving in a virulently anti-Israel direction. The AAUP has received criticism for its councils August decision to abandon the groups nearly 20-year categorical opposition to academic boycottssuch as those often called for against Israel. In part three of a three-part series, former senior leaders at Cabrini University offer advice for navigating a closu Reduce administrative burden, eliminate data silos  ensure assessment findings lead to tangible impact. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

Moorpark College created a community of practice centered around learning and instructional design. Faculty committed to apply evidence-based interventions in the classroom and saw improvements to their DFW rates. The sabbatical you need may not be the one you think you should take, Bethany Wilinski writes. Annmarie Caño suggests systemic changes to awards and recognition processes to make them more inclusive and less prone to bias. Need a break from the polls and predictions? Weve got you covered. The universitys contingent teachers unionized in the spring. Before they sign their first agreement, they want administrators to stop limiting their contract renewals. A study published this month focusing on five unnamed universities adds to research on racial disparities in the professoriate. Its more important than ever that faculty members be thoughtful about and understand the functions and limits of academic contracts, writes Peter F. Lake. Navigating culture, structure and systems advice for new faculty administrators. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

A new publication from Ithaka SR evaluates best practices in identifying and integrating technology into higher education in correctional facilities, weighing security concerns with academic goals. Inside Higher Eds third annual survey of campus chief technology officers shows that while theres enthusiasm for artificial intelligences potential to enhance higher education, most institutions dont have policies that support enterprise-level uses of AI. The university claims the online program manager, now in the process of restructuring through a bankruptcy, long ignored pleas to place students in social work programs. Though not as debilitated as hospitals and airlines, some higher ed institutions canceled classes or went without Wi-Fi. Some experts say its a wake-up call. Adoption has started as employers and students place more value on skills. Meanwhile, plans for free, open-source wallet technology are picking up steam. A company in transition. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

How can Ph.D.s decide if a freelance or independent consultant path is right for them? Jessica Taylor and Desiree Barron-Callaci offer insight. As job-seeking scholars see continuing layoffs and stalled federal support, some say theyre looking at positions overseas. The University of Rochester gave multiple reasons for backing out and leaving students to try their luck with the NLRB, which has been drastically transformed since the president took office. Other student workers are wary, too. Graduate students and postdoctoral scholars can benefit in many ways from prioritizing friendships, Yi Hao and Mallory Neil write. Victoria McGovern offers advice to help graduate students cultivate an interdisciplinary mindset. Administrative postdoc positions offer advantages for Ph.D.s looking to transition into a range of career paths, Alex Yen and Anne-Charlotte Mecklenburg write. These are some actions a Ph.D. student can take to pave the way for a positive postdoc experience, Chris Smith writes. More than half of those who earn Ph.D.s now decide to leave academia after graduation. Why, then, do so many graduate programs still assume their students will become professors? Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

The Trump administration has the symbolic fight it wants, Brian Rosenberg writes. A March 5 webinar by the Presidents Alliance identified strategies institutions can take to aid undocumented, immigrant, refugee and international students. The executive order will likely impact thousands of nonprofit employees involved in activist work opposed by the president. Higher ed and free speech advocates are deeply alarmed by the decision to cancel 400 million in contracts and grants at the university, saying it is yet another example of executive overreach. The anti-DEI movement sounds like a row of cannons, but its legal attack is a rifle shot based on one provision of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Dan Currell writes. Proponents of apprenticeships expect meaningful support for the programs under Trump, though some worry his other policies could have negative effects on the system. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

High-dosage tutoring. Supports for adolescent literacy. An extra block of math instruction. Schools are using these and other academic interventions to help improve student achievement. But are they working? During this virtual event, we will explore best practices in academic interventions and how to know whether they are making a difference. Join us to discuss a range of learning interventions, such as maximizing time for instruction and targeted help during the school day, supporting teens who struggle with reading, optimizing virtual tutoring, and more. Attendees will First time K-12 Essentials Forum attendee? Learn more about our free virtual forums.

Madeline Will is an assistant managing editor for Education Week, leading coverage of school leadership and general education trends. Previously, she covered the teaching profession for Education Week for eight years. She graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

49 for 6 months, or 97 for 1 year Subscribe Your Plan Benefits 39 for 6 months, or 77 for 1 year Subscribe Your Plan Benefits 2 Weeks Free, then 9.95 per month Subscribe Your Plan Benefits Individual Education Week subscriptions do not include access to EdWeek Market Brief. Unlock valuable data and insights with an organization-wide membership. Learn more about becoming an enterprise member today.

After Hurricane Helene made landfall in September 2024, the Laurens County School District, just outside Greenville, S.C., partnered with Amy Starkey, a local therapeutic yoga instructor to help their students and teachers recover from the storm. Starkey worked to train teachers to incorporate mindful movement into their classrooms to support students recovery and well-being. The exercises theyve employedincluding deep breathing and yoga stretchescan be done at students desks without the need for a designated space, or special equipment like yoga mats. In surveys conducted by Starkey, teachers in the district observed significant improvements in students emotional regulation and behavioral challenges after just five weeks of yoga and mindfulness intervention. Students also reported using these techniques at home, empowering them to self-regulate in settings outside of the classroom. In addition to collecting data on the impact of incorporating yoga into the classroom, students shared their experiences and the other ways theyve used these learnings in their daily lives.

