Spencer and Alexs reunion seems imminent, but the latters perpetual bad luck threatens to keep them apart. Lauren SmithParamount After two winter-beaten weeks on the Dutton ranch, 1923s third episode  Wrap Thee in Terror  begins on a slightly brighter note. Its the morning after the blizzard that halted Jacobs Harrison Ford journey home, and he and his frost-bitten crew have miraculously survived the night. Zane can barely walk, the horses are missing, and the children will freeze to death without a fire to warm them. Still, given that theyre not being shot at or stalked by wild animals, its a pretty good day in the Montana wilderness. Cara Helen Mirren has braved another rough night as well. The rabid wolf she killed in her living room is strung up outside, and the remains of the nurse it attacked are being loaded into the doctors buggy. Skip to the matriarch literally slapping some tough love into a hysterical Elizabeth Michelle Randolph  whos still resisting her rabies injections  and its just another day on the Dutton ranch. We next catch up with Alex Julia Schlaepfer, whos also lived to see another day. Not only has her ship survived the rough seas that threatened to submerge it, but its about to arrive in New York. While this marks a significant step forward in her long journey to reunite with Spencer Brandon Sklenar, its soon followed by two steps back. Before Alex can set foot on American soil, she must be processed as an immigrant on Ellis Island. This unexpected hiccup proves to be an arduous one, filled with humiliating, frightening, and even abusive encounters with various immigration officials who have no patience for Alexs plucky British charm. Over the course of a very long day  that sees her disparaged as a mongrel, prostitute, invalid, and beggar  shes surprised to learn America actually has no desire to welcome the huddled masses. After a disturbingly invasive venereal disease exam, shes marked  literally, with ink  as pregnant. Coupled with the fact she has no marriage license, being with child threatens her passage into the country. By the time Alex enters her final meeting, with an official who trades access to America for sexual favors, shes had it with all the dignity-stripping abuse. She puts the man in his place, proving she can read  at his flippant request  by not only showing her command of the written word, but her mastery of Walt Whitmans Leaves of Grass. She then points out the lipstick left on his collar by his previous applicant, leading the befuddled official to approve her papers. Lauren SmithParamount After an exhausting day dealing with abusive men in power, the former Duchess of Sussex finally catches a break upon arriving in the city. A kind gentleman working at a newspaper stand sells her a map, warns her of the unsavory sorts targeting tourists, and puts her safely in a taxi to Grand Central. At the train station, shes again treated with kindness and respect by the ticket salesman, who advises her on the safest way to travel, and warns her about the citys pickpockets and predators. The episode uncharacteristically continues its feel-good streak in Texas, where Teonnas Aminah Nieves father, Runs His Horse Michael Spears, manages to track down the cowboys working the ranch he, his daughter, and Pete Jeremy Gauna have unknowingly been camping on. The head cowboy played by C. Thomas Howell not only welcomes his offer to help track the ranchs lost cattle  in exchange for them staying on the land  but offers him a hot meal. Lauren SmithParamount Sign up for Entertainment Weeklys free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more. While it seems Teonnas crew may finally be able to take a breath, were also reminded why they must continue to keep an eye open when they sleep. We return to the camp where Marshall Kent and Father Renaude Sebastian Roche shot and killed a number of young Comanche, including some children. The murderers are long gone, but Marshall Mamie Fossett Jennifer Carpenter and her deputy are examining the scene along with some of the victims family. The latter warns Fosset they intend to deliver their own brand of justice if they find the culprits before the law does. Meanwhile, the priest and Kent arent about to give up the hunt. Hot on Teonnas trail, they saddle up for Texas. Back at the ranch, Cara anxiously awaits Jacobs return. Despite the doctor  whos about to hit the road with his nurses corpse  remaining positive, Caras losing all hope. Her greatest fear is squashed, however, when Jacobs crew is spotted in the distance. Hes finally made it home, but theres no time to celebrate  Zane needs immediate medical attention. The doc postpones his return to town, examines the ailing wagon boss, and diagnoses him with a subdural hematoma. The good news is he can save Zane by relieving the pressure in his head with a drill and some anesthesia. The bad news is he has no anesthesia. As Jacob delivers this goodbad news to Zane, Jack Darren Mann checks in on his possibly rabies-infected bride Elizabeth. To his surprise, shes angrily packing her bags for Boston. She invites him to join her, but intends on going regardless of his decision. And if her mind wasnt already made up, Cara enters the room with belly injection number three. The episode thankfully doesnt conclude without catching us up with fan-favorite Spencer, last seen reluctantly agreeing to smuggle booze into Fort Worth. He and Luca arrive in the Texas town, illegal liquor in tow, but spot a significant police roadblock up ahead of them. Lauren SmithParamount Luca insists on pushing forward, using the bribe money andor pistol his mobster cousin gave him to pave the way. But Spencers not taking any chances. He abandons the truck, wishes Luca the best of luck, and begins hoofing it to the train station. But he doesnt get very far before he sees his poor, misguided friend gunned down at the roadblock. While Spencer helplessly watches this tragedy unfold from afar, Alexs voiceover chimes in. Shes at the train station, penning a letter to her love. Shes hopeful  promising to be on Spencers doorstep within a week  but also pessimistic. What calamity awaits to keep me from you? What fresh hell has the devil devised? she writes. Sadly, and unbeknownst to her, those questions are answered before the credits roll. With some time to spare before her train to Billings arrives, Alex heads to the womens room. As she enters, the camera pans to a scruffy man in a tattered bowler hat. Seconds before the screen goes black, the shady-looking individual follows.

Many future stars appeared in the Dick Wolf TV universe over the years. NBC 3 As demonstrated by an inspired montage that aired during the 2025 Screen Actors Guild Awards, a guest spot on Law  Order and its various spinoffs is practically a rite of passage for any working actor. And, considering the shooting location of the franchise, this is especially true of New York thespians, who can get their foot in the door with just a single episode. Many A-list stars such as Robin Williams have appeared on the series after hitting it big, but, more often than not, binging old seasons of Law  Order is like watching the stars of tomorrow in some of their first roles, from Timothée Chalamet to Sarah Paulson to Kerry Washington. Heres just a small selection of the most notable names to guest-star on Law  Order and its spinoffs over the years. Emmy winner Sarah Paulson earned her very first onscreen credit thanks to one 1994 episode of Law  Order. She played a 14-year-old girl named Maggie Conner, who is being investigated for the murder of her mother. After appearing in a short film in 2000, Ginnifer Goodwin joined Law  Order for one 2001 episode. Then a relatively unknown actress, Goodwin played a young woman named Erica. Years before she had her four-time Emmy-nominated breakthrough as Orange Is the New Blacks Sophia Burset, Laverne Cox picked up an early role as Minnie on Law  Order. Sarah Hyland was just 13 when she appeared on Law  Order. The future Modern Family actress played Kristine McLean in a 2004 episode. NBC Nearly a decade before his Oscar-nominated breakthrough in 2017s Call Me by Your Name, Timothée Chalamet made his TV debut as Eric Foley in a 2009 episode of Law  Order. Before he was starring on Luther and earning critical acclaim for his big-screen work, Idris Elba was filling his résumé with smaller roles, such as an appearance in a 2001 episode of Law  Order. Will HartNBC The Great star Elle Fanning was only 8 years old when she guest-starred on Law  Order Special Victims Unit in 2006, playing a foster child named Eden. Oscar winner Philip Seymour Hoffman landed his first credited acting gig with a 1991 episode of Law  Order. The late star played Steven Hanauer, a man facing trial in a rape case. Before Scandal, Django Unchained, or even Ray, there was Law  Order. Early in her career, Emmy winner Kerry Washington guest-starred in one 2001 episode of the crime show, playing Allie Lawrence. Joining the list of newbies who debuted on Law  Order, Gossip Girl star Leighton Meester picked up her first TV credit, thanks to a 1999 episode, playing a young woman named Alyssa Turner. After making brief appearances in TV movies and episodes of Swift Justice and Dead Mans Walk, Jennifer Garner joined Law  Order for one 1996 installment. She played Jaime, a graduate student. Three-time Emmy-winner Julianna Margulies nabbed the second onscreen credit of her career thanks to Law  Order. After appearing in Out for Justice, she popped up in a 1993 episode as Navy Lieutenant Ruth Mendoza. After debuting in a short film, three-time Emmy-winner Claire Danes hit the small screen for the first time in 1992, appearing in an episode of Law  Order as Tracy Brandt. Early in his career, Josh Radnor joined Law  Order for one 2002 episode. The future How I Met Your Mother star played a man named Robert Kitson. NBCU Photo BankNBCUniversal via Getty Veteran actor Colman Domingo now has an Emmy and multiple Oscar nominations, but, at one point in time, he was a frequent Law  Order guest star, first appearing in a 2004 episode of the flagship show as Ronald Gumer. He followed this up with a role as Sgt. Ev Sides on Law  Order Criminal Intent in 2006 that same year he appeared in an episode of Law  Order Trial by Jury as Gus Johnson. Two years later, he played a man named Donnie on Law  Order. And then in 2010, he once again popped up on Law  Order Criminal Intent, this time as Andre Lanier. Before the boys of Dream Street dropped their first album, Jesse McCartney landed his second acting credit for a segment of Law  Order. The actor and Grammy-nominated singer rolled in on the show in 2000, playing Danny Driscoll. Greys Anatomy alum Kate Walsh hit the small screen for one of her first times in 1997, playing Kirstin Blair, a Navy lieutenant under investigation, on Law  Order. Years before she made it to the White House as The West Wings C.J. Cregg, seven-time Emmy-winner Allison Janney who also has an Oscar for her supporting turn in 2017s I, Tonya was on Law  Order for two episodes. She played Nora in a 1992 installment and Ann Madsen in 1994. Zoe Saldaña, pictured here with Orange Is the New Black star Selenis Leyva, continued the tradition of debuting on Law  Order and played a woman named Belinca in 1999. The Oscar-nominated Emilia Pérez star returned to the franchise as Gabrielle Vega, the daughter of a murder victim, in a 2004 spot on Special Victims Unit. Years before Primal Fear, The Truman Show, and Love Actually, three-time Oscar nominee Laura Linney appeared on Law  Order. The actress was featured in one 1994 episode as Martha Bowen. NBC Following his breakout role on Arrested Development, two-time Emmy-winner Tony Hale guest-starred on a 2010 episode of Law  Order as Phillip Shoemaker, a dangerous ex-husband. He also appeared in an episode of SVU in 2012 as Rick Simms, a teacher who becomes the victim of a hate crime. The Mindy Project and Based on a True Storys Chris Messina debuted his screen acting career in 1995, thanks to Law  Order. He played Tommy Bell in his first role, and would return to the show in 1996 and 2003 as Kevin Turner and Don Cushman, respectively. Shameless Emmy Rossums first credited acting gig was in a 1997 episode of Law  Order. The young actress played Alison Martin, a girl in a bad situation with her family. Dirty John actress Amanda Peet picked up an early role in one 1995 episode of Law  Order. She played Leslie Harlan, a woman in the midst of a mysterious case. Oscar-nominated Sebastian Stan  also the Marvel Cinematic Universes Bucky BarnesWinter Soldier  landed his very first onscreen role in 2003 on Law  Order. He played Justin Capshaw, a young man who was kidnapped as a boy. Two-time Emmy-winner Courtney B. Vance found his way to the courtroom as Johnnie Cochran on The People v. O.J. Simpson American Crime Story, but, more than 20 years prior, he pulled early roles on Law  Order. He had an uncredited part as a mayors assistant in a 1990 episode and returned in 1995 as Benjamin Bud Greer. Before spending 20-plus seasons playing Dr. Meredith Grey on Greys Anatomy, Ellen Pompeos first credited small-screen role was in a 1996 episode of Law  Order, playing Jenna Weber. She returned in 2000 as Laura Kendrick. The Twilight Sagas Peter Facinelli nabbed his second onscreen gig in 1995, playing Shane Sutter in one Law  Order storyline. Oscar-nominated Vera Farmiga added a third title to her résumé in 1998 for her performance as Lindsay Carson, a woman caught up in a murder trial, on Law  Order. More than a decade before she became Greys Anatomys Dr. Miranda Bailey, Chandra Wilson was Serena Price for one 1992 episode of Law  Order. Ty Burrell became an Emmy winner in 2011 for Modern Family earning another in 2014, but, 10 years earlier, he made his small-screen debut on Law  Order. He appeared in a 2000 episode as Paul Donatelli and returned to the show in 2003 as Herman Capshaw. Four-time Emmy-winner Edie Falco earned an early credit on Law  Order, coming on the crime show in 1993 as Sally Bell. She reprised the role for additional turns in 1994, 1997, and 1998. In 2017, Falco starred as real-life criminal defense attorney Leslie Abramson in the miniseries Law  Order True Crime The Menendez Murders, which was executive produced by Dick Wolf. Early in her career, Desperate Housewives star Felicity Huffman appeared on Law  Order. The actress joined the show for one episode in 1992, playing Diane Perkins, and returned in 1997 as Hillary Colson. Another Greys Anatomy alum, Isaiah Washington secured one of his very first projects as Derek Hardy on Law  Order, appearing on the show in 1991. Ten years later, he popped up in an episode of the one-season wonder Law  Order LA as Roland Davidson. Virginia SherwoodNBC Long into his career, Oscar-winner Robin Williams played a disturbed audio engineer named Merritt Rook in a 2008 episode of Law  Order SVU. For his chilling performance, Williams earned an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series.

Brody, who won Best Actor for The Brutalist, referenced partner Georgina Chapman and Weinsteins children in his speech Thank you for accepting me, he said. After reigning Best Actor winner Adrien Brody referenced disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinsteins children on stage during his record-breaking 2025 Oscars acceptance speech, the latter addressed the moment in a brief statement to Entertainment Weekly. While on stage Sunday night at Hollywoods Dolby Theatre, The Brutalist star, 51, peppered his speech which eventually clocked in as the longest in Academy Awards history with a dedication to his girlfriend and 72-year-old Weinsteins ex, Georgina Chapman, 48, and the children she shares with Weinstein. Harvey is happy for Georgina and deeply grateful that his children are receiving the love and care they so rightly deserve, Weinsteins representative tells EW Tuesday via email, while Weinstein serves jail time at New York Citys Rikers Island prison. Peter FoleyBloomberg via Getty Frank MicelottaDisney via Getty Brodys lengthy speech spanned both personal and professional areas in the actors life, with the two-time Oscar-winning star at one point turning to speak directly to Chapman, who married Weinstein in 2007 before the couple divorced in 2021, years after Weinstein was accused of and later convicted for sexual assault. Sign up for Entertainment Weeklys free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more. I share this with my amazing partner, Georgina, who has not only reinvigorated my own self-worth, but my sense of value and my values, Brody said at the Oscars. And her beautiful children, Dash and India. I know its been a roller coaster, but, thank you for accepting me into your life. Popsys coming home a winner! Arturo HolmesWireImage Chapman also showed her support for Brody, whom she began dating in 2020, at the Oscars ceremony by catching a piece of used gum her boyfriend threw toward her while he approached the stage to collect his prize. Gum! Because I forgot I was chewing gum, and I cant chew gum in a thank you speech, Brody said on Mondays episode of Live With Kelly and Mark, when asked about the object he threw toward Chapman while walking up to the stage. When cohost Mark Consuelos observed that you cant swallow it because its bad for you, Brody replied, I couldve! I didnt think about that. I just thought Ive got to get rid of this somehow! Brodys victory on Sunday marked his second Oscar, following his 2002 win for The Pianist.

As one of our critics once wrote For more than three decades, Entertainment Weekly has run the pop culture alphabet from Anaconda to Zendaya. Yes, we were born at the dawn of The Simpsons and CD-ROMs, but with every new beat in Hollywood since, weve evolved and continue to obsess over the things we all watch, listen to, read, play, and experience. Across our team of writers, editors, and critics you will find passionate fans in every corner of entertainment, from the niche art house film or comic series to the blockbuster movie or show everyone is talking about. As we all face an endless sea of content  Streaming! Metaverse! Oh my!  our core mission is simple to help you find whats worth your time. We do that through smart and funny journalism created by journalists who have a lot of fun separating the great from the good enough or not good at all. We hope youre entertained and welcome you to join in on the conversation! Entertainment Weekly is committed to accurate, fair, and complete journalism. As part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family, we uphold the Dotdash Meredith Content Integrity Promise. If we ever need to update a story with new information, well make that clear with precise time stamps. If we need to make a substantive change to a story if something new comes to light, well be honest about why that happened and explain ourselves in a clearly labeled and dated note. While we aim to always be smart, funny, first, we do not prioritize speed over accuracy. Our writers and editors verify all information gathered for all we publish, and every piece is reviewed by multiple members of the team to ensure our standards are upheld. We never pay for stories or tips, nor do we accept monetary compensation in exchange for coverage. Click here for our Terms of Use page. Wondering how weve selected the best live TV streaming services or internet and TV bundles? Our reviews and recommendations are based on thorough research and product testing by our research team. In order to provide comprehensive and unbiased reviews, our writers test each of the streaming services highlighted. When possible, we try out the platforms using a free trial, but will pay for a subscription if a trial period is not offered. When it comes to bundles, the most important criteria points we consider are a companys bundling options and available discounts, followed by its internet and TV features, such as max download speed, number of concurrent streams allowed, and mix of live channels andor on-demand content. In order to fully understand each services offerings, we look at every possible plan, including add-ons, and dig deep into customer reviews to compare real-life experiences. We also take into account any ongoing promotions for first-time subscribers and whether customers save money by signing a long-term contract. If you visit links within our content, we may receive a commission from your purchases. We never accept compensation for the content of our recommendations. EW is committed to taking actionable and measurable steps to combat racism, sexism, and other biases in the media. In the list of action items below, our definition of diverse refers to diversity of race, culture, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, body type, and ability. We will enlist the help of the Anti-Bias Review Board, led by Dr. Mackenzie Price, to identify key areas where we can improve, as well as successful efforts we can expand on. Recent projects include a remediation of our archives to 1 update content that misgenders subjects and 2 replace ableist terms. When new positions open, we will prioritize diversifying our in-house team. We will also continually push to use a mix of contributors and assess diversity during our recruiting and hiring processes. While the industry we cover often dictates the projects we cover, and that industry has much work to do itself when it comes to diversity, EW commits to greater representation in our daily coverage, and among the timely franchises and evergreennostalgia content we create across our website, social media accounts, and video content. And we will ask readers to hold us accountable. True progress comes with accountability, and we hope readers will partner with us on our mission to tell these stories well and accurately. Please feel free to send questions, comments, or suggestions to editorialew.com. Our comments section is intended to be a place where readers can engage in discussions about our stories. Offensive language, hate speech, personal attacks andor defamatory statements are not allowed. Advertising or spammy content is also prohibited. Comments are not always available on all stories. Comments are moderated and may be deleted without notice. Repeat offenders may be banned without notice. We reserve the right to delete comments and ban offenders at our discretion. Our decisions are final. We have an amazing group of creatives dedicated to keeping you plugged into pop culture. PATRICK GOMEZ, Editor in Chief Patrick is the editor in chief of Entertainment Weekly. Formerly a senior editor at PEOPLE magazine and editor in chief at the A.V. Club, the Texas native is a Critics Choice and Television Critics Association member who has appeared on Today, Extra!, Access Hollywood, E! News, CNN, and Nightline, and can be seen frequently on Good Morning America. GERRAD HALL, Executive Editor, Movies, Music and Awards Gerrad is an executive editor at Entertainment Weekly overseeing movies, music, and awards coverage. He is also host of the daily What to Watch podcast, as well as The Awardist podcast. In addition, Gerrad cohosts EWs live Oscars, Emmys, SAG, and Grammys red carpet shows, and has appeared on Good Morning America, The Talk, Access Hollywood, Extra!, and other talk shows, delivering the latest news on pop culture and entertainment. REBECCA DETKEN, Editorial Director, News and Operations Rebecca is Entertainment Weeklys editorial director of news and operations, overseeing EW.coms day-to-day workings, including everything from content management and editorial workflow to establishing style guidelines and managing freelancers. She also serves as EWs editorial liaison for multiple departments including audience development, commerce, evergreen, and product. Before joining EW, Rebecca worked at Yahoo where she was editorial director for Yahoo Celebrity, CBS.com, and Soap Opera Digest. She graduated from the University of Michigan with a B.A. in Communications. KRISTEN HARDING, Head of Video Kristen is the head of video for Entertainment Weekly, where she oversees the creative production and strategic distribution of all video content for the brand. Her team of producers and editors is responsible for creating original, high-end digital videos which include EWs digital covers, roundtables, celebrity interviews, and festival livestreams. She joined EW in 2014 after roles at Prevention magazine, Saturday Night Live, MTV, and College Humor. EW is part of the Dotdash Meredith family of brands committed to creating accurate, helpful news and information that represents and serves all people. Founded in 1996, Dotdash Meredith is an operating business of IAC. From mobile to magazines, nearly 200 million people trust us to help them make decisions, take action, and find inspiration. Dotdash Merediths over 50 iconic brands include PEOPLE, Better Homes  Gardens, Verywell, FOOD  WINE, The Spruce, Allrecipes, Byrdie, REAL SIMPLE, Investopedia, Southern Living, and more. Learn more about the team behind Dotdash Meredith. Read about Dotdash Meredith and our family of brands in the news. Join our collective community of more than 15 million social media followers. Do you have something youd like to let us know? Whether you have a comment or an idea to share, you can contact us at editorialew.com. For press inquiries, email us at pressdotdash.com. If you would rather send us a letter, you can reach us at 11766 Wilshire Boulevard, 18th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90025. Join our crew of top-notch writers, editors, designers, programmers, and others as we continue to bring you the latest entertainment news. View job openings Were always looking for experienced, qualified writers who share in our pop culture passions. Are you the person people ask for recommendations on what to watch next? Have an encyclopedic knowledge of reality TV, Star Trek, or David Lynch? Do you have experience covering entertainment and news? If so, please send examples of your published work to editorialew.com. Please note that we do not accept unsolicited guest-authored articles, blogs, or posts. Entertainment Weekly offers the highest value to advertisers through a combination of scale, credibility, and intent. Interested in advertising with us? Email EW at kimberly.garydotdashmdp.com or check out our media kit to learn more.

By Lynette Rice By Ryan Fleming By Lynette Rice By Ryan Fleming By The Deadline Team Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

By Ryan Fleming Crafts Editor, Awards Title The Surrender Festival section Midnighter Director Julia Max Logline A fraught mother-daughter relationship is put to a terrifying test when the family patriarch dies, and the grieving mother hires a mysterious stranger to bring her husband back from the dead. As the bizarre and brutal resurrection spirals out of control, both women must confront their differences as they fight for their lives  and for each other. Panelists Colby Minifie, Kate Burton, Julia Max Watch on Deadline Key quotes The beautiful thing about this script is that its so well written and so specific, and because its so specific, its so easy to connect to. Its universal in that way of having to deal with the grief of losing your parents and caring for your parent when theyre sick.  Colby Minifie Check out the full video discussion above. Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy. Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

By Melanie Goodfellow Senior International Film Correspondent EXCLUSIVE Shout! Studio has acquired North American rights to Justin Kellys sexually charged thriller Pretty Thing, co-starring Alicia Silverstone and Karl Glusman. Silverstone Clueless, The Killing of a Sacred Deer co-stars as a successful executive opposite Glusman Civil War, The Bikeriders, a younger lover, who reveals a deadly obsessive streak. Originally announced by Deadline as The Bird And The Bee, the movie reunites Kelly with Silverstone, who had a supporting role in his 2016 gay porn world thriller King Cobra. Related Stories Festivals Shout! Studios Takes N. America  Latam For Ned Crowleys Killing Faith Unveils First Images With Co-Stars Guy Pearce, DeWanda Wise  Bill Pullman - EFM Acquisitions Shout! Studios Takes North America For Animated Feature Into The Wonderwoods By Persepolis and Zombillenium Directors In between times, Kelly made murder-mystery Welcome the Stranger, co-starring Abbey Lee, Caleb Landry Jones and Riley Keough, and J.T. Leroy with Kristen Stewart and Laura Dern. Watch on Deadline Pretty Thing is produced by Yale Entertainment and Great Escape and is directed from a debut feature screenplay by Jack Donnelly. Leads Silverstone and Glusman are joined on screen by also features of Catherine Curtin Stranger Things, Saturday Night, Britne Oldford The Umbrella Academy, Dead Ringers, and Tammy Blanchard Into the Woods, Life with Judy Garland Me and My Shadows. Shout! Studios has secured exclusive distribution rights to Pretty Thing in the U.S. and Canada, including theatrical, home entertainment rights digital, video-on-demand, broadcast, and physical media and ancillary rights for cross-platform releases. Shout! plans a strategic launch of this movie in theaters and across all major entertainment platforms later this year. There is a perennial and voracious demand for high quality, sexy thrillers in the marketplace, and Justin has served up a pretty delicious one. With Alicia Silverstone leading the cast, this was a no-brainer for us, said Shouts SVP of Acquisitions and Originals, Jordan Fields. It was an honor working with the iconic Alicia Silverstone for the second time after King Cobra as well as the uber-talented Karl Glusman their on-screen chemistry is electric. A big thank you to Yale Productions for our third collaboration together, and to my incredible cast and crew. I cannot wait to share this film with the world, Kelly said. Jordan Yale Levine and Jordan Beckerman of Yale Productions produced with Lexi Tannenholtz, Scott Levenson, and Jesse Korman. Shout has been a terrific distribution partner and were very excited to solidify our continued relationship with their talented team, Levine and Beckerman said in a joint statement. Michael Day and Joy Kim-Crilley serve as co-producers. Executive producers include John Wollman, Paul Wedgwood, Nicholas Donnermeyer, Julie Foss, Gigi Lacks, Andy Rich, David Nazar, Jeremy Rothstein, Lauren Rothstein, Jodie Lazar, Robert Levine, Will Hirschfeld, John McMullen, Eric Broughton, Brian S. Unger, Michael J. Rothstein, Matthew Ajayi, Dajana Gudic, Driss Ouazaani, Amber Martin, Ben Walter, Inna Ivanova Walter, Jeffrey Tussi, Coleman Lannum, Kurt Fethke, Kyle Fethke, John S. Phillips, Leslie A. Phillips, Jason Kringstein, and Cavallino Entertainment. Co-executive producers are Jill Bussanich, Paul Tietz, Joseph Huguenot, Amy E. Newman, Matthew W. Newman, Michael Dibiasio-Ornelas, Eric Goren, Michael Burkert, and Maximus Seale. Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy. Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

The longtime member of the Heartbreakers is supporting his album The Melancholy Season with a live show that mixes solo tunes with a handful of Petty classics How well do you know the goings on at Dunder Mifflin? Take this quiz to find out My health is my top priority so I can bring you the awesome shows you deserve, Neil wrote to fans. I cant wait to return to the stage The R.E.M. frontman performed a cover of David Bowies The Man Who Sold the World in a rare solo appearance at Carnegie Hall The bill for the Las Vegas festival includes Rilo Kiley, Jawbreaker, Minus The Bear, Pedro The Lion, and Superchunk The concert will raise money for cancer research, and mark one of musicians few major live events since retiring from the road in 2023 The series, which also stars Helen Mirren, could become the next Tulsa King for Paramount Billie Joe Armstrong sang Am I retarded, or am I just J.D. Vance? as opposed to Am I retarded, or am I just overjoyed? Sober for three years, Stills has been playing regular one-off gigs but isnt sure about a return to the road It depends on the kind of venues I can attract Im 92 years old and Ill be there so you have no excuse, Nelson said of the annual concert, which returns to Austin this summer We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

