Sign up for our newsletters and get the best of the FT sent directly to your inbox.All our newsletters are for Standard subscribers unless otherwise specified. Reporter Steff Chávezs indispensable guide to what Trumps second term means for Washington, business and the world Subscription failed. Please try again later. Alan Beatties must-read briefing covering the changing face of international trade and globalisation Subscription failed. Please try again later. Learn how to make smarter money decisions and supercharge your personal finances in this award-winning six-part series with FT expert Claer Barrett Subscription failed. Please try again later. Our business and economics round-up, plus a regular good news story Subscription failed. Please try again later. The inside story on the movers and shakers behind a multi-trillion dollar industry Subscription failed. Please try again later. Learn how to make smarter money decisions and supercharge your personal finances in this award-winning six-part series with FT expert Claer Barrett Subscription failed. Please try again later. Veena Venugopals must-read on business and policy in the worlds fastest-growing big economy Subscription failed. Please try again later. The top stories from the world of corporate finance and private equity, including detailed analysis of the dealmakers driving the news Subscription failed. Please try again later. Essential news and analysis on the drive for cleaner, fairer capitalism across the world economy Subscription failed. Please try again later. Lex, our investment column, sorts the signal from the noise. Our newsletter breaks down the weeks key themes, with analysis by award-winning writers Subscription failed. Please try again later. Be prepared for the opening of the London market with Kate Beioleys morning round-up Subscription failed. Please try again later. Robert Armstrong dissects the most important market trends and discusses how Wall Streets best minds respond to them Subscription failed. Please try again later. The FTs newsletter on the global economic policy debate with Martin Sandbu and Tej Parikh Subscription failed. Please try again later. Vital news and views on what central banks are thinking, inflation, interest rates and money Subscription failed. Please try again later. Enjoy the FT Editors personal selection of favourite stories from the past week Subscription failed. Please try again later. The top news stories from Europe and Africa, plus analysis and commentary on the days biggest global stories Subscription failed. Please try again later. The top news stories from Asia, plus analysis and commentary on the days biggest global stories Subscription failed. Please try again later. The top news stories from the Americas, plus analysis and commentary on the days biggest global stories Subscription failed. Please try again later. Be alerted to the latest stories as soon as theyre published Subscription failed. Please try again later. Our business and economics round-up, plus a regular good news story Subscription failed. Please try again later. Be the first to see exclusive FT scoops, features, analysis and investigations Subscription failed. Please try again later. Start every week on the front foot with a preview of whats on the agenda Subscription failed. Please try again later. Stephen Bushs comprehensive and witty take on UK politics and policy Subscription failed. Please try again later. Peter Fosters guide to the UKs economy, trade and investment in a changing world Subscription failed. Please try again later. Rana Foroohar and Edward Luce discuss the intersection of money and power in US politics Subscription failed. Please try again later. Reporter Steff Chávezs indispensable guide to what Trumps second term means for Washington, business and the world Subscription failed. Please try again later. Your essential morning briefing about what matters in Europe today Subscription failed. Please try again later. Alan Beatties must-read briefing covering the changing face of international trade and globalisation Subscription failed. Please try again later. Understanding the most important climate data of the week Subscription failed. Please try again later. Everything you need to get ahead at work, in your inbox every Wednesday Subscription failed. Please try again later. Your must-read newsletter analysing the business of sport Subscription failed. Please try again later. Free for schools and students, global education editor Andrew Jack shares competitions and resources picked by teacher advisers Subscription failed. Please try again later. Campus news, management research and business education trends Subscription failed. Please try again later. Take our six-week course on how to get into business school Subscription failed. Please try again later. Essential energy news, forward-thinking analysis and insider intelligence Subscription failed. Please try again later. Remarkable journalism you wont want to miss Subscription failed. Please try again later. FT women guide you through the weeks smartest journalism Subscription failed. Please try again later. Enjoy sharp insights and shrewd judgments from our top commentators Subscription failed. Please try again later. Your essential guide to getting the best out of life, written by HTSI editor, Jo Ellison Subscription failed. Please try again later. Get a shot of weekend inspiration each Saturday with the best in life, arts and culture Subscription failed. Please try again later. The FTs fashion editor unravels the big stories in style Subscription failed. Please try again later. Get an inside look at the property market  the biggest deals, the smartest homes, the most amazing design Subscription failed. Please try again later. The legal stories you need to know, from the courts to law enforcement and the business of law Subscription failed. Please try again later. Get the latest international headlines sent directly to your inbox Subscription failed. Please try again later. Start your day with the latest news stories, from markets to geopolitics Subscription failed. Please try again later. Read the newspaper the night before it hits the newsstand  delivered to your inbox SundayFriday around 7pm EST. Available to subscribers with a newspaper, Premium or Digital Edition subscription. Subscription failed. Please try again later. Start the day on top of the markets. Subscription failed. Please try again later. Get a daily update on the top commodities stories, including price trends and analysis. Subscription failed. Please try again later. Catch up with the markets in the afternoon. Subscription failed. Please try again later. Manage your money effectively, with news you need to know and practical guidance from our expert team. Subscription failed. Please try again later. Get a convenient overview of the days top FT stories. Subscription failed. Please try again later. The newspaper delivered to your inbox  every Monday to Saturday around midnight UTC. Available to subscribers with a newspaper, Premium or Digital Edition subscription. Subscription failed. Please try again later. Stay on top of the latest news and comment on property, house prices and mortgages. Subscription failed. Please try again later. See the days main UK news at a glance. Subscription failed. Please try again later. Be briefed on emerging markets each morning, London time. Subscription failed. Please try again later. Be briefed on emerging markets each morning, New York time. Subscription failed. Please try again later. Please Sign in to manage your newsletters We use cookies and other data for a number of reasons, such as keeping FT Sites reliable and secure, personalising content and ads, providing social media features and to analyse how our Sites are used.

Want a deeper look? Register for your free guide to the new US administration, with cabinet announcements, policy plans and exclusive election insights. Discover the FTs latest news, analysis and data following the 2024 US election. Get FT perspectives, analysis, opinion and film in a year when record numbers have been to the polls. Find out what the 2024 election means for Washington and the world with updates from our worldwide network of 700 journalists. Register for your free guide to the new US administration, with cabinet announcements, policy plans and exclusive election insights. Discover the FTs latest news, analysis and data following the 2024 US election. Get FT perspectives, analysis, opinion and film in a year when record numbers have been to the polls. Find out what the 2024 election means for Washington and the world with updates from our worldwide network of 700 journalists. The new FT Digital Edition todays FT, cover to cover on any device. This subscription does not include access to ft.com or the FT App. Essential digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism with expert analysis from industry leaders. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Terms  Conditions apply See why over a million readers pay to read the Financial Times.

Then Rs4335 per month. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Cancel anytime during your trial. Essential digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism with expert analysis from industry leaders. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality analysis and expert insights, complemented with our award-winning Weekend Print edition. Terms  Conditions apply See why over a million readers pay to read the Financial Times.

Then Rs4335 per month. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Cancel anytime during your trial. Essential digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism with expert analysis from industry leaders. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality analysis and expert insights, complemented with our award-winning Weekend Print edition. Terms  Conditions apply See why over a million readers pay to read the Financial Times.

Then Rs4335 per month. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Cancel anytime during your trial. Essential digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism with expert analysis from industry leaders. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality analysis and expert insights, complemented with our award-winning Weekend Print edition. Terms  Conditions apply See why over a million readers pay to read the Financial Times.

Small Business Personal Finance Credit Monitoring Help for Low Credit Scores Investing Follow Select Discover cards are currently not available on CNBC Select and links have been redirected to our credit card marketplace where you can review offers from other issuers like American Express or Chase. You can also check out our list of best credit cards for alternative options. Credit cards have notoriously high interest rates, so carrying a balance can be costly. However, some cards offer a path to paying off debt quicker with an introductory 0 APR period. These cards offer no interest for up to 21 months, which can more than offset any balance transfer fees. Below, CNBC Select reviews the best balance transfer cards and we share what you need to know about using a balance transfer card see our methodology for information on how we chose these cards. Best with intro 0 APR for 21 months Best with intro 0 APR for 18 months Best with intro 0 APR for 15 months On Citis site On Citis site Receive a 0 Intro APR for 21 months on balance transfers and for 12 months on purchases. Good to Excellent670850 18.24 - 28.99 variable 0 None See rates and fees. Terms apply. Read our Citi Simplicity Card review. The Citi Simplicity Card may not earn rewards, but it can still save you money due to its amazing intro-APR offers. Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Selects editorial staff. There is an intro balance transfer fee of 3 of each transfer minimum 5 completed within the first 4 months of account opening. After that, your fee will be 5 of each transfer minimum 5. 3 Whos this for The Citi Simplicity Card has a generous 0 APR period for balance transfers and a lower balance transfer fee than other options. Balance transfer offer When you transfer a balance to the Citi Simplicity Card within the first four months, youll receive an intro 0 APR on that balance for 21 months. Then a variable 18.24 to 28.99 APR applies. An intro balance transfer fee of 3 of the amount you transfer 5 minimum applies to transfers you make in the first four months, after that a fee of 5 of the amount you transfer applies 5 minimum. The intro fee is lower than the balance transfer fee for some cards with a similar 0 APR timeframe.  Jump to more details  None None 0 0 intro APR for 21 months from account opening on purchases and qualifying balance transfers. 17.24, 23.74, or 28.99 variable APR 5, min 5 3 ExcellentGood See rates and fees, terms apply. Whos this for The Wells Fargo Reflect Card has one of the longest introductory 0 APR periods for purchases and balance transfers. Balance transfer offer Balance transfers you make within 120 days of account opening qualify for a 0 intro APR for 21 months, after that a variable 17.24, 23.74 or 28.99 APR applies. The balance transfer fee is 5 of each transfer with a 5 minimum.  Jump to more details  On Citis site On Citis site Receive a 0 intro APR for 21 months on balance transfers and for 12 months on purchases. Good to Excellent670850 17.24 - 27.99 variable 0 None See rates and fees. Terms apply. The Citi Diamond Preferred Card is one of the best balance transfer credit cards and also has a generous intro APR offer. Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Selects editorial staff. Balance transfer fee applies with this offer 5 of each balance transfer 5 minimum 3 Whos this card for The Citi Diamond Preferred Card is a great option for those with good or excellent credit seeking a long introductory 0 APR period. Balance transfer offer Youll get 0 intro APR for 21 months on balance transfers 17.24 to 27.99 variable APR afterward. Balance transfers must be completed within four months of account opening and there is a balance transfer fee of either 5 or 5 of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.  Jump to more details  Discover cards are currently not available on CNBC Select. Click Learn More to review other credit card offers. Discover cards are currently not available on CNBC Select. Click Learn More to review other credit card offers. Discover cards are currently not available on CNBC Select but you can check out our marketplace to compare offers from other issuers including American Express and Chase. NA NA See terms See terms See terms See rates and fees, terms apply. Information about Discover cards has been collected independently by CNBC Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer prior to publication. Whos this for The Discover it Chrome is an ideal Discover credit card for transferring credit card balances. Balance transfer offer Youll get 18 months of a 0 intro APR on eligible balance transfers with the Discover it Chrome. For purchases, youll get an intro 0 APR for six months. After the 0 intro APR offers expire, a variable 18.24 to 27.24 APR applies. The card has a 3 intro balance transfer fee of up to 5 fee on future balance transfers see terms.  Jump to more details  On Citis site On Citis site Receive a 0 intro APR for 18 months on balance transfers. Fair to Excellent580850 18.24 - 28.24 variable 0 Earn 200 cash back See rates and fees, terms apply. Read our Citi Double Cash Card review. The Citi Double Cash Card is one of the best no-annual-fee cash-back cards thanks to its straightforward rewards structure. Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Selects editorial staff. There is an intro balance transfer fee of 3 of each transfer minimum 5 completed within the first 4 months of account opening. A balance transfer fee of 5 of each transfer 5 minimum applies if completed after 4 months of account opening. 3 Whos this for The Citi Double Cash Card is one of the best cash-back cards, on top of featuring a generous balance transfer offer. Balance transfer offer With the Citi Double Cash Card, you can enjoy a 0 intro APR for the first 18 months on balance transfers you complete in the first four months of account opening. After the intro APR expires, a variable 18.24 to 28.24 APR applies. Theres an intro balance transfer fee of 3 of each transfer 5 minimum within the first four months, then the balance transfer fee increases to 5 of any amount you transfer 5 minimum.  Jump to more details  New cardholders receive a 0 intro APR for 18 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers. Good to Excellent670850 19.49 to 28.24 variable 0 Get an automatic review for a credit limit increase Member FDIC. Terms apply. Information about the Chase Slate Edge has been collected independently by Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer of the card prior to publication. Read our Chase Slate Edge review. The Chase Slate Edge is a great intro-APR card if you want to save on interest, but it doesnt earn rewards. Intro fee of either 5 or 3 of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater, on transfers made within 60 days of account opening. After that, either 5 or 5 of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. 3 of the amount of each transaction in U.S. dollars Whos this for The Chase Slate Edge offers introductory 0 APR timeframes for balance transfers and purchases. Balance transfer offer With the Chase Slate Edge, youll receive an intro 0 APR for 18 months on eligible balance transfers, then a variable 19.49 to 28.24 APR applies. An intro balance transfer fee of 3 of the amount transferred 5 minimum applies to transfers you make in the first 60 days. After that, the balance transfer fee is 5 of the amount transferred 5 minimum.  Jump to more details  Personal and small business credit cards issued by U.S. Bank are currently not available on CNBC Select. Click Learn More to review other credit card offers. Personal and small business credit cards issued by U.S. Bank are currently not available on CNBC Select. Click Learn More to review other credit card offers. U.S. Bank cards are currently not available on CNBC Select but you can check out our marketplace to compare offers from other issuers including American Express and Chase. NA NA See terms See terms See terms See rates and fees, terms apply. Information about personal and small business credit cards issued by U.S. Bank has been collected independently by CNBC Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer prior to publication. Whos this card for The U.S. Bank Visa Platinum Card has an intro-APR offer for purchases and balance transfers, so its a great choice if you want to transfer existing debt or finance a large purchase. Balance transfer offer Youll receive a 0 intro APR for 18 months on balance transfers you complete in the first 60 days from account opening. Once the intro APR expires, the standard variable APR of 17.74 to 28.74 applies. There is a balance transfer fee of 5 of the amount of each transfer with a 5 minimum.  Jump to more details  On Chases site On Chases site New cardholders receive a 0 intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers. Good to Excellent670850 19.49 - 28.24 variable 0 Intro Offer Earn an additional 1.5 cash back Member FDIC. Terms apply. Read our Chase Freedom Unlimited review. The Chase Freedom Unlimited is a no-annual-fee card that earns generous cash-back on everyday purchases and a lucrative welcome bonus. Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Selects editorial staff. Intro fee of either 5 or 3 of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater, in the first 60 days. After that, either 5 or 5 of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. 3 of each transaction in U.S. dollars Whos this for The Chase Freedom Unlimited is an excellent cash-back card to consider if you want to earn rewards while paying down your credit card debt. Balance transfer offer Chase Freedom Unlimited cardmembers can transfer balances and receive an intro 0 APR for the first 15 months, then a variable 19.49 to 28.24 APR applies. An intro balance transfer fee of 3 of the amount you transfer 5 minimum applies for the first 60 days. After that, the balance transfer fee increases to 5 of the amount you transfer 5 minimum.  Jump to more details  On Citis site On Citis site 0 Intro APR for 15 months on purchases and balance transfers Good to Excellent670850 17.74 - 27.74 variable 0 Earn 20,000 bonus points See rates and fees. Terms apply. The Citi Rewards Card has a handful of interesting perks, like a 10 rebate on points redemptions, that make it a good card to pair with other Citi credit cards. Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Selects editorial staff. There is an intro balance transfer fee of 3 of each transfer minimum 5 completed within the first 4 months of account opening. 3 Whos this card for? The Citi Rewards Card has an interesting array of perks that make it a valuable card to pair with other Citi credit cards. Balance transfer offer After youre approved for a new account, you can utilize a intro 0 APR for 15 months on purchases and balance transfers. After that, a variable 17.74 to 27.74 APR applies. The intro balance transfer fee is 3 of each transfer 5 minimum for the first four months from account opening. After that time, the balance transfer fee increases to 5 of each transfer with a 5 minimum.  Jump to more details  Discover cards are currently not available on CNBC Select. Click Learn More to review other credit card offers. Discover cards are currently not available on CNBC Select. Click Learn More to review other credit card offers. Discover cards are currently not available on CNBC Select but you can check out our marketplace to compare offers from other issuers including American Express and Chase. NA NA See terms See terms See terms See rates and fees, terms apply. Information about Discover cards has been collected independently by CNBC Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer prior to publication. Whos this for The Discover it Cash Back has an exceptionally rewarding intro bonus offer, which makes it a valuable option for anyone who wants to take advantage of an intro-APR deal. Balance transfer offer With a new Discover it Cash Back card, youll get a 0 intro APR on balance transfers for 15 months, after that a variable APR of 18.24 to 27.24 applies. There is a 3 intro balance fee and up to a 5 fee on future balance transfers see terms.  Jump to more details  New cardholders receive a 0 intro APR for 15 months on purchases and balance transfers 19.24 - 29.24 variable APR after that balance transfer fee applies Good to Excellent670850 19.24 - 29.24 variable 0 Earn a one-time 200 cash bonus Terms apply. Read our Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards Credit Card review. The Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards Credit Card has no annual fee, cash-back rewards and a generous intro-APR offer, which make it a great option for saving on interest while earning rewards. Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Selects editorial staff. Whos this for The Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards Credit Card is a great fit if youre looking to transfer a balance and want a solid return on everyday purchases. Balance transfer offer Youll get an intro 0 APR on balance transfers for 15 months with the Capital One Quicksilver Credit Card. After the intro-APR offer ends, the standard variable APR of 19.24 to 29.24 applies. There is an intro balance transfer fee of 3 of each transfer you complete in the first 15 months from account opening. After that, there is a balance transfer fee of 4 of the amount you transfer at a promotional APR that Capital One may offer you at any other time.  Jump to more details  New cardholders receive a 0 intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers. Good to Excellent670850 19.49 - 28.24 variable 0 Earn a 200 Bonus Member FDIC. Terms apply. Information about the Chase Freedom Flex has been collected independently by Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer of the card prior to publication. Read our Chase Freedom Flex review. The Chase Freedom Flex is an excellent cash-back card for maximizing your spending in a variety of categories. Intro fee of either 5 or 3 of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater, on transfers made within 60 days of account opening. After that, either 5 or 5 of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. 3 Whos this for The Chase Freedom Flex offers a high return in rotating bonus categories to go along with its intro 0 APR offer. Balance transfer offer Chase Freedom Flex card holders can transfer balances and take advantage of an intro 0 APR for 15 months, then a variable 19.49 to 28.24 APR applies. This cards intro balance transfer fee is 3 of the amount you transfer 5 minimum within the first 60 days of account opening. Afterward, the balance transfer fee is 5 of the amount you transfer 5 minimum.  Jump to more details  Find the best credit card for you by reviewing offers in our credit card marketplace or get personalized offers via CardMatch. Rewards None Welcome bonus None Annual fee 0 Notable benefits The Citi Simplicity Card doesnt offer many notable benefits, but as a Citi credit card, you have access to the events and experiences available through Citi Entertainment.  Return to card summary  Rewards None Welcome bonus None Annual fee 0 Notable benefits When you pay your monthly cell phone bill with your Wells Fargo Reflect Card, youll qualify for cell phone insurance. This protection will reimburse you up to 600 per claim with a 25 deductible. You are limited to two claims per 12 months.  Return to card summary  Rewards None Welcome bonus None Annual fee 0 Notable benefits On top of the Citi Diamond Preferred Cards intro APR for balance transfers, this card also offers a promotional APR for purchases. You have access to free access to your FICO Scores and access to special events and experiences available through Citi Entertainment.  Return to card summary  Rewards Welcome bonus Discover will match the cash back you earn at the end of your first year. Annual fee 0 Notable benefits The Discover it Chrome provides an intro APR on purchases and has no foreign transaction fees.  Return to card summary  Rewards Welcome bonus Earn a 200 bonus after spending 1,500 on purchases in the first six months of account opening. Annual fee 0 Notable benefits The Citi Double Cash Card is a cash-back card at its core, but you earn cash back as Citi ThankYou Points, which expands your redemption options. You can transfer Citi ThankYou Points to a handful of travel partners, including Choice Hotels, Wyndham Hotels and JetBlue. However, if you pair this card with a Citi credit card that enables full transfers, like the Citi Strata Premier Card see rates and fees, you can transfer your points to all of Citis travel partners at improved ratios.  Return to card summary  Rewards None Welcome bonus None Annual fee 0 Notable benefits With the Chase Slate Edge, you are eligible for an automatic 2 APR reduction after spending at least 1,000 within a card anniversary year and making all your payments on time. You can also earn an automatic one-time review for a higher credit limit after spending at least 500 during your first six months of card membership and making on-time payments during the same period. You can also enroll to receive three free months of DoorDash DashPass membership, then nine months at 50 off new enrollees starting February 1, 2025 will receive six free months of DashPass and three free months of Instacart membership. Both services offer no delivery fees and reduced service fees on eligible orders.  Return to card summary  Rewards None Welcome bonus None Annual fee 0 Notable benefits While the U.S. Bank Visa Platinum Cards additional perks are limited, it offers cell phone protection against damage or theft.  Return to card summary  Rewards On up to 20,000 spent in the first year After your first year or 20,000 spent Welcome bonus Earn an additional 1.5 cash back on everything you buy on up to 20,000 spent in the first year - worth up to 300 cash back. Annual fee 0 Notable benefits The Chase Freedom Unlimited offers an intro APR on purchases and eligible purchases qualify for extended warranty protection, purchase protection and trip cancellationinterruption insurance. You also get three free months of DoorDash DashPass, then nine months at 50 off. New enrollees starting February 1, 2025 will receive six free months of DashPass.  Return to card summary  Rewards Welcome bonus Earn 20,000 bonus points after spending 1,500 within the first three months of account opening. Annual fee 0 Notable perks The Citi Rewards Card has two unique perks that make it standout from other no-annual-fee credit cards. You can take advantage of  Return to card summary  Rewards Welcome bonus Discover will match all the cash back earned for all new card members at the end of your first year. Annual fee 0 Notable benefits The Discover it Cash Back card has no foreign transaction fees, and in addition to its balance transfer offer, youll get an intro APR offer on purchases.  Return to card summary  Rewards Welcome bonus Earn a 200 one-time cash bonus after spending 500 within three months from account opening. Annual fee 0 Notable benefits On top of the balance transfer offer, youll also receive an intro APR on purchases with the Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards Credit Card. Through Capital One Dining and Capital One Entertainment, youll get access to pre-sales and exclusive events and experiences with this card. Youre also able to book travel through the Capital One Travel site, which provides certain benefits, such as price drop protection and a price match guarantee.  Return to card summary  Rewards Welcome bonus Earn a 200 bonus after you spend 500 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening. Annual fee 0 Notable benefits The Chase Freedom Flex provides an introductory APR on purchases,. You can also save on delivery fees with three free months of DashPass, then nine months at 50 off new enrollees starting February 1, 2025 will receive six free months of DashPass. This card also has insurance benefits, such as cell phone protection, purchase protection, extended warranty protection and trip cancellationinterruption coverage.  Return to card summary  A balance transfer credit card lets you move your credit card debt from one card to another. The best balance transfer cards offer limited-time no-interest periods for these transfers. This enables you to save on higher-interest debt for a set amount of time, typically anywhere from six months to 21 months. Completing a balance transfer is usually fairly easy. Sometimes you can even transfer a balance when you apply for the card. Regardless of when you complete a transfer, you will also normally pay a balance transfer fee of 3 to 5 of the amount you transfer. These fees are important to consider because they cut into your potential savings. Another tradeoff is that the cards with the longest intro-APR periods tend not to be as rewarding as the top rewards credit cards. So if you want a card with an exceptionally long intro-APR, you probably wont earn as many rewards. Using your cards balance transfer offer is fairly straightforward. You can usually opt to transfer balances as part of your application or transfer balances once you have your card. However, there are a few things to remember before taking advantage of a balance transfer offer. Most balance transfer cards charge a balance transfer fee. The fee is usually 3 to 5 of the amount you transfer. For example, transferring 5,000 with a 3 fee will cost you 150. This fee is charged to the balance transfer card, rather than the original card. These fees can quickly add up and you should factor in this cost when determining if it makes sense to get a balance transfer card. There are a few limitations to be aware of before you apply for a credit card with a balance transfer offer. The first thing to know is that you cant make transfers between cards from the same bank. For example, if you have a Chase credit card, you cant transfer debt to another Chase card. So youll need to apply for a card from a different bank than the one you want to transfer debt from. Also, you may have limited time to complete your transfers. If you wait too long to make a transfer, you may miss the 0 APR period or the intro balance transfer fee. Youll also want to be aware of any limits on the amount of debt you can transfer. Card issuers typically cap the amount you can transfer to a percentage of your credit limit or a specific dollar amount. Issuers may also factor the balance transfer fees into this limit. Balance transfer cards usually require good or excellent credit. Qualifying for a balance transfer card can be difficult if you have less than stellar credit. Using a balance transfer credit card to consolidate and pay off credit card debt is a great strategy to save on interest charges. However, it also needs to be paired with an overall strategy for paying down your debt. As you consider what type of balance transfer card makes the most sense for you, youll want to do the math to weigh the costs and benefits. Balance transfer cards can earn rewards or even offer upfront bonuses, but the cards with the best intro-APR periods, typically dont offer rewards. However, the money you save on interest can easily offset any rewards you miss. The bigger the balance you want to transfer and the longer the zero-interest period, the more you save. Looking at what youll save is not always as simple as looking at your current credit card balance and interest rate. One caveat to consider is how much of your balance you may be able to transfer to a 0-APR card. If you have a large amount of credit card debt, an intro-APR offer can be quite valuable. However, the benefit is limited by your balance transfer cards credit limit and any transfer limits imposed by the card issuer. Using a balance transfer offer can save you money, but its not free, so you need to be sure the benefits outweigh the costs. Most top balance transfer cards have no annual fee, but its something you want to look at before applying. Assuming the card youre applying for doesnt have an annual fee, you want to pay attention to the cards balance transfer fee. These fees generally run 3 to 5 of the amount you transfer and can easily add up to hundreds of dollars when transferring a significant balance. As valuable as balance transfer credit card offers can be, its not an option for everyone. You generally need a high credit score to have the best chance of being approved for these cards. Depending on your debt, you may only be able to transfer a portion of it. If you arent eligible for a balance transfer card or opening a credit card isnt the right option for you, here are two alternatives to consider A debt consolidation loan is an unsecured personal loan you take out to pay off your existing debts and roll separate payments into a single loan. Depending on your credit score, you may be able to secure a lower interest rate. You could also opt for a loan with a longer repayment term, reducing your monthly payment and adding flexibility to your budget. However, if you take out a longer loan, you can end up paying more interest over the long haul because youll spend less toward the principal each month. These types of loans can make sense if your credit score has been improving and you can qualify for a better rate. If you own a home worth more than you owe, you may be able to borrow against your home at a lower interest rate than credit cards and unsecured personal loans. If youre in this situation, several different financial products are available, including home equity loans, home equity lines of credit HELOC and cash-out refinance mortgages. With these loans, there are significant upfront costs that can make it a losing proposition even if your rate is lower. So be sure to do the math first. Home equity loans and HELOCs are both types of second mortgages. That means, you keep your original loan and take out an additional loan backed by your home. This option makes most sense if your current mortgage rate is lower than the rate you would qualify for if you took out a mortgage today. With a cash-out refinance, you are replacing your existing mortgage with a new larger loan. If todays mortgage rates are lower than your current rate, youll be able to lock in a better rate and get cash back. With a cash-out refi, you can typically borrow up to 80 of your homes value and there are upfront closing costs that can range from 2 to 6 of the loan amount. Money transfers and balance transfers are not the same. A money transfer is when you move funds from one account to another, at the same bank or between accounts at different financial institutions. A balance transfer is when you move debt from one credit card to another. Banks only allow balance transfers between credit card accounts. And banks will not allow you to transfer balances between two cards issued by the same bank. If you want to do a balance transfer, youll need to open a new credit card with a different card issuer. Whether a balance transfer works out depends on your goal. If you want to pay less interest and pay off your debt faster, that will need to be your focus during the promotional APR period. But if you continue to grow your credit card balance, the balance transfer may not have helped your situation as much as it could have. Applying for a new credit card will typically ding your credit score although the drop is usually small and temporary, but the balance transfer itself doesnt hurt your credit. However, if the balance transfer card has a low credit limit and you transfer over a high amount of debt, your credit utilization ratio will increase, which could hurt your credit score. You typically want to keep your credit utilization ratio under 30. Balance transfers are good options for consolidating credit card debt. However, be sure to calculate the cost of transferring the balance versus the interest fees youll accrue by simply paying down the balance on your current credit card. Balance transfer credit cards are typically for consumers with good to excellent credit scores. If youre approved for a balance transfer offer, youll want to take advantage of it quickly as they are limited-time offers. At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every credit card review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of credit card products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best balance transfer credit cards. Money matters  so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here. To determine which cards have the best value for 0-APR balance transfer offers, CNBC Select analyzed over 250 major credit cards issued through FDIC-insured banks and NCUA-insured credit unions that are widely available in the U.S. We compared each card on a range of features, including rewards e.g., cash back, points and miles, annual fees, welcome bonuses, introductory and standard APR and balance transfer fees and foreign transaction fees. We also considered additional perks e.g., ongoing travel or merchant statement credits, cardholder protections e.g., purchase protection, 0 liability protection and travel insurance, the application process when available e.g., is there a credit pull or required credit score and how easy it is to redeem points e.g., are rewards are tied to a specific brand if transferable, to how manywhich partners, can you redeem for straight cash back. We also considered CNBC Select audience data when available, such as general demographics and engagement with our content and tools. For the cards that offered a rewards program, we considered consumer spending data forecasts from location intelligence firm Esri to determine where U.S. consumers are spending the most money, like on dining and travel. We used this to help determine what bonus categories are most useful for consumers. Since the value of a point or mile varies based on what they can be redeemed for, we also considered things like transferability and the ability to redeem for cash-back. When choosing the best 0-intro-APR balance transfer credit cards, we focused on cards that offer longer intro-APR periods. We also placed a special emphasis on balance transfer fees and whether the cards offered intro APRs for purchases, balance transfers or both. Catch up on CNBC Selects in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date. For rates and fees of the Discover it Chrome, click here. For rates and fees of the Discover it Cash Back, click here.  2025 SELECT  All rights reserved. The use of this website means that you accept the confidentiality regulations and the conditions of service.

Small Business Personal Finance Credit Monitoring Help for Low Credit Scores Investing Follow Select In early 2022, Capital One became the first large bank to eliminate all overdraft fees and non-sufficient fund fees, in a move that may protect itself from any forthcoming scrutiny from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB. On the heels of that announcement, JPMorgan Chase said that it will give account holders more ways to avoid paying overdraft service fees Customers now have a full day after overdrawing their account to replenish their balance, and customers can access their direct deposit payroll funds two days early. Though these are the two banks in the news as of late, both join a trend of some smaller banks dropping their overdraft charges to attract more consumers. Previously, online-only Ally Bank put an end to overdraft fees on all accounts in an attempt to help keep people from falling behind financially as the pandemic continued. An overdraft fee is a common banking fee charged when you spend more than the amount available in your account. This results in a negative balance, and you may be hit with a steep overdraft fee up to 35 sometimes per transaction. Being short on funds can happen easily if you arent keeping an eye on your bank balance, and those living paycheck to paycheck are most vulnerable. In fact, 43 of vulnerable households with checking accounts report having overdrafted in the past year, with 9.6 overdrafts on average, according to the 2021 FinHealth Spend Report. At a 35 fee per overdraft, thats nearly 350 per year consumers are paying because they didnt have enough money available to cover a purchase, payment or withdrawal. Below, CNBC Select outlines seven checking accounts with zero overdraft fees so that you can rest assured you wont be charged the next time you make this common mistake. Capital One 360 Checking charges no overdraft fees or non-sufficient fund fees. It currently has no monthly maintenance fees, minimum deposit or balance requirements. Account holders earn 0.10 APY and have access to its free ATM network of 70,000 Capital One, MoneyPass and Allpoint ATMs. The Ally Bank Spending Account Allys checking product has zero overdraft fees, monthly maintenance fees, minimum deposit or balance requirements. Account holders earn 0.10 APY on balances less than 15,000 and 0.25 APY on balances over 15,000. Its free ATM network includes 43,000 Allpoint ATMs. The Discover Cashback Debit Checking does not charge for its overdraft protection that you can opt in to  money is taken from your Discover savings account to cover an overdraft. There are no monthly maintenance fees, and account holders dont need to make a minimum deposit or maintain a minimum balance. With this checking account, you can also get rewards for your spending Earn 1 cash back on up to 3,000 in debit card purchases each month. Discovers free ATM network includes 60,000 Allpoint and MoneyPass ATMs. With Axos Bank Rewards Checking, an online bank, customers wont pay monthly fees or overdraft fees. There are no minimum balance requirements and no initial deposit requirement. There are also tiered APY rates where account holders can earn up to 3.30 APY, if they meet specific requirements Receive monthly direct deposits totaling 1,500 or more, maintain an average daily balance of 2,500 per month in an Axos Invest Managed Portfolios Account, maintain an average daily balance of 2,500 per month in an Axos Invest Self Directed Trading Account, use your Rewards Checking account to make your full monthly Axos Bank consumer loan payment and use the debit card for at least 10 monthly transactions. Betterment Checking customers can take advantage of this online-only account that has no overdraft fees or account minimum requirements. Betterment will also reimburse all your out-of-network ATM fees worldwide, including foreign transaction fees. Account holders can earn automatic cash back rewards when they spend on popular brands, such as Dunkin, adidas, Walmart, Sams Club and Staples. Plus, get cell phone insurance at no cost when you pay your cell phone bill with Betterments debit card. Wealthfront Cash Account offers customers no account fees or overdraft fees. You can earn 4.50 APY on all account balances, as well as get access to 19,000 free ATMs. Wealthfront also makes it easy to invest faster by allowing account holders to transfer for free their extra cash into a connected Wealthfront investment account. The Alliant Credit Union High-Rate Checking has no monthly service fee, minimum balance requirement or overdraft fees. The checking account also offers a higher-than-average 0.25 APY on all balances, and account holders can access over 80,000 free ATMs nationwide. Find the best savings account for you Help your money grow by finding the savings account that offers the best rates and features for you. Overdraft fees may not seem like an issue at first when youre only charged around 30, but overdrawing from your account more than once can certainly add up. If overdrafting is something you have experienced in the past, consider signing up for one of the above checking accounts to avoid paying any extra fees. At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every banking article is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of banking products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Catch up on CNBC Selects in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date. Information about the Capital One 360 Checking, Ally Bank Spending Account, Discover Cashback Debit Account, and Alliant Credit Union High-Rate Checking Account has been collected independently by Select and has not been reviewed, nor provided by the issuers prior to publication. Ally Bank, Capital One Bank, and Discover Bank, are Members FDIC. Alliant Credit Union is a Member NCUA.  2025 SELECT  All rights reserved. The use of this website means that you accept the confidentiality regulations and the conditions of service.

Small Business Personal Finance Credit Monitoring Help for Low Credit Scores Investing Follow Select CNBC Select reviews a wide range of products geared toward small business owners, from credit cards to checking accounts to small business loans.  2025 SELECT  All rights reserved. The use of this website means that you accept the confidentiality regulations and the conditions of service.

Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0 APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later BNPL Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Dont Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Many people love to travel. But few like to pack. But travelers are getting help from an unlikely source  hotels. Hotels are making it easier for guests to jump into their favorite activities without packing or planning in advance, said Henley Vazquez, CEO and co-founder of the New York-based travel agency Fora. Some hotels have been providing items to travelers for ages, she said, but now more are partnering with brands to provide items to travelers during their trips, she said. Its been fun to see more brands jumping into the mix, working directly with hotels to provide guests with bespoke products and experiences to make their stay extra special, she said. Some travelers struggle to find time to exercise on holiday. But for others, theres simply not enough space for sports attire. Turks and Caicos Amanyara hotel provides tennis balls and racquets, similar to other hotels, but it also has tennis shoes for guests as well, said Vazquez. She said hotels in rustic settings provide some of the best perks for guests. Brush Creek Ranch in Wyoming has a closet full of weather-proof outerwear for guests to don when they hit the resorts private ski mountain, she said. The all-inclusive luxury resort provides pants, jackets, gloves, helmets, goggles, boots, skis and snowboards made by the French brand Rossignol, according to its website. Vazquez said the Mayflower Inn  Spa in Connecticut has a partnership with Barbour, a company with designs that have graced generations of British monarchy. A representative of the inn told CNBC Travel that guests have access to a borrowing closet stocked with Barbour boots and waterproof jackets that guests can wear for outdoor activities, such as horseback riding, hiking and cycling. For guests who prefer to bring their own fitness attire, The Thompson Denver by Hyatt in Colorado has daily laundry service for gym clothes, says Vazquez. Now you only have to worry about packing one set, she said. Basic blow-dryers and toiletry kits have long been a staple in hotel rooms. But some luxury hotels  such as Londons Jumeirah Carlton Tower and Lake Comos famous Passalacqua  come with luxe amenities like Dyson Airwraps, which dry and curl hair. Other hotels even have products beyond the bathroom. Travelers staying at the Four Seasons Resort Orlando near Walt Disney World can buy clothes once they arrive through a shopping service available via the brands app. Guests of the hotel can initiate a Style Chat to discuss three looks Poolside Chic, Park Hopper or Night Out. A stylist then curates and delivers items to the travelers hotel room for guests to browse and purchase, according to a press release published by the hotel. Guests who choose not to make any purchases must pay a 25 styling fee, it said. For handbag aficionados, Four Seasons Hotel Houston allows guests to rent luxury handbags at no extra cost through a partnership with the rental service Vivrelle. Guests can rent one bag  and trade it out as they wish  from the hotels handbag collection, a representative of the hotel told CNBC Travel. The rotating collection includes designer brands such as Prada and Gucci, he said. Six Senses Vana in Dehradun, India provides a daily set of clothes, or kurta as its known in India, so guests dont need to fret about packing, says Vazquez. The hotel encourages guests to wear these flowy sets everywhere, according to its website, from restaurants to outdoor yoga spots. The hotel also provides slippers, Crocs and wool capes for guests to wear, according to its website. Babies and toddlers may be small, but their gear  from high chairs to beginner potties  usually isnt. Hotels like the Fullerton Hotel Singapore have these items and more, from toddler step stools to bottle sterilizers and baby bathtubs, according to its website. Kimpton Hotels, a brand from the British-based hospitality group IHG, provide Family Fridges that are cold enough to safely store breast milk. The brand also has items to help childproof its guest rooms, from outlet covers to toilet latches, according to IHGs website. Shangri-La Singapore goes a step further. Guests who stay in themed suites and Family Deluxe rooms can access a pantry that is stocked with Stokke strollers, cots, baby bouncers, bathtubs and car seats. The pantry also has bottle sterilizers and warmers, a washing machine and baby laundry detergent, and a microwave to warm baby food and formula. Guests who dont have access to the pantry can get some baby items upon request. For example, the bottle warmers, bath time toys and diapers can be arranged at no extra cost, a representative of the Shangri-La told CNBC Travel. The market for pet travel services  valued at 2 billion in 2023  is expected to climb to 4.6 billion by 2032, according to the travel media company Skift, citing Polaris Market Research. Kimpton Hotels provide pet beds, food and water bowls, plus litter trays, dog leashes and cat scratchboards, for no extra charge, according to its website. Although it wont lighten your luggage, Kimpton Hotel Palomar in Beverly Hills even welcomes pets to its nightly wine reception. Some ultra luxury hotels, like Capella Singapore, are getting in on the act. The hotel, which ranked No. 33 in The Worlds 50 Best Hotels in 2024, also provides pet beds and bowls, an agent told CNBC travel. Correction This story has been updated to accurately reflect the title of Foras Henley Vazquez. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal Data is a real-time snapshot Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. Data also provided by

Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0 APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later BNPL Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Dont Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal Data is a real-time snapshot Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. Data also provided by

