Mayo Clinic does not endorse companies or products. Advertising revenue supports our not-for-profit mission. Check out these best-sellers and special offers on books and newsletters from Mayo Clinic Press. Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

The doctors at Mayo Clinic Comprehensive Cancer Center are respected for their expertise in diagnosing and treating sarcoma. At Mayo Clinic, you can expect compassionate, comprehensive care thats focused on your individual needs. At Mayo Clinic, specialists in sarcoma include adult and pediatric medical oncologists, radiation oncologists, orthopedic and general surgeons, and pathologists. They work as a multidisciplinary team to care for people with sarcoma. Other healthcare professionals are included as needed, such as specialists in physical medicine and rehabilitation. Mayo Clinic doctors will work with you to review all your treatment options and choose the treatment that best suits your needs and goals. The range of treatments offered to people with sarcoma includes Mayo Clinic experts have extensive experience diagnosing and treating sarcoma. When you seek care here, you can expect Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida, and Mayo Clinic in PhoenixScottsdale, Arizona, are ranked among the Best Hospitals for cancer by U.S. News  World Report. Highly skilled pediatric experts diagnose and treat all types of conditions in children. As a team, we work together to find answers, set goals and develop a treatment plan tailored to your childs needs. Learn more about the Childrens Center. Mayo Clinic has major campuses in Phoenix and Scottsdale, Arizona Jacksonville, Florida and Rochester, Minnesota. The Mayo Clinic Health System has dozens of locations in several states. For more information on visiting Mayo Clinic, choose your location below Mayo Clinic works with hundreds of insurance companies and is an in-network provider for millions of people. In most cases, Mayo Clinic doesnt require a physician referral. Some insurers require referrals or may have additional requirements for certain medical care. All appointments are prioritized on the basis of medical need. Learn more about appointments at Mayo Clinic. Please contact your insurance company to verify medical coverage and to obtain any needed authorization prior to your visit. Often, your insurers customer service number is printed on the back of your insurance card. There is a problem with information submitted for this request. Reviewupdate the information highlighted below and resubmit the form. Subscribe for free and receive an in-depth guide to coping with cancer, plus helpful information on how to get a second opinion. You can unsubscribe at any time. Click here for an email preview. ErrorSelect a topic ErrorEmail field is required ErrorInclude a valid email address We use the data you provide to deliver you the content you requested. To provide you with the most relevant and helpful information, we may combine your email and website data with other information we have about you. If you are a Mayo Clinic patient, we will only use your protected health information as outlined in our Notice of Privacy Practices. You may opt out of email communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email. Your in-depth coping with cancer guide will be in your inbox shortly. You will also receive emails from Mayo Clinic on the latest about cancer news, research, and care. If you dont receive our email within 5 minutes, check your SPAM folder, then contact us at newslettersmayoclinic.com. Please, try again in a couple of minutes More information about billing and insurance Mayo Clinic in Arizona, Florida and Minnesota Mayo Clinic Health System Connect with others like you for support and answers to your questions in the Sarcoma support group on Mayo Clinic Connect, a patient community. 83 Replies Sun, Mar 09, 2025 70 Replies Fri, Mar 07, 2025 894 Replies Wed, Mar 05, 2025 Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

At Mayo Clinic, a world-class team of doctors and specialists will see you in one place, at one time. Theyll listen to your story, learn your goals, and work together to accurately diagnose and treat your condition so you can get back to your life as quickly as possible. BEGIN MUSIC PLAYING SAMEER KEOLO, M.D., RADIATION ONCOLOGIST The first thing to do when a patient is diagnosed is I tell that patient, this is a scary moment. We understand that. Take a deep breath. ERIC MOORE M.D., DIVISION CHAIR AND SURGEON As you come to see me as a patient, we dont work on a formula. We work on a patient. We want to know you. We want to know who you are. We want to know what you do day to day. We want to know whats important to you. SAMEER KEOLO Its always challenging when patients have to decide what type of treatment is best for them. And thats why at Mayo Clinic, they dont have to make that decision alone. SARAH MCLAUGHLIN, M.D., SURGICAL ONCOLOGIST You have all of your providers in a truly integrated, multidisciplinary environment, under one roof, in one medical record. And what that means is that the communication is wide open between those providers. The synergy between the providers is really felt in the care experience that the patient has. JUDY BOUGHEY, M.D., SURGICAL ONCOLOGIST All of my colleagues are top notch. When you look at what are the latest advances in research, what are the latest drugs that are coming on the market, what are the latest techniques being used in surgery and radiation, many of those pivotal trials have been run by colleagues across the Mayo Clinic campuses. MATTHEW GOETZ, M.D., MEDICAL ONCOLOGIST We have clinical trials that are emanating out of our own science. Work that is ongoing in our laboratories to actually discover new things about cancer that then leads to a new drug or a new drug combination that Mayo Clinic investigators are taking forward for Mayo Clinic only patients. ERIC MOORE M.D., DIVISION CHAIR AND SURGEON We adopt cutting edge technology very quickly. And were able to expand on its use and eventually develop further uses for it. CHEE-CHEE STUCKY, M.D., SURGICAL ONCOLOGIST If I were to tell somebody what to look for when theyre looking for a care center, I would say you need to find a place where you truly believe that the physicians who are taking care of you have your best interests at heart. Theyre the best at treating the disease that you have, and they have a passion for treating it. MUSIC PLAYING END Your Mayo Clinic care team includes the best specialists in every medical field you need, focused on you. No matter what serious or complex health challenge youre facing, you can be confident that youre receiving the most advanced care at Mayo Clinic. Getting your diagnosis right the first time means you can start on the most effective treatment plan. We are continuously developing better tools for diagnosis and treatment, so you get answers, options, and hope where none may have existed before. I have never seen medical professionals conduct themselves like the professionals at Mayo Clinic. It was a humbling feeling to be treated with such respect and such care. Maurice Orange A team of specialists will thoroughly and carefully evaluate your condition and work together to create a customized plan to meet your goals. Our team approach makes your experience less complicated, so you can focus on getting better. Mayo Clinic patients are often the first to benefit from our research. Right now, our doctors are working on more than 12,000 clinical studies, researching new treatments and therapies for the worlds most challenging and complex medical issues. Start an appointment request with Mayo Clinic. Find out more about your insurance coverage. What you need to know about appointments and referrals. Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

Easy-to-understand answers about diseases and conditions RA Rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder Rapid gastric emptying Rapid heartbeat Rash, poison ivy Reading disability, specific Rebound headache Rectal inflammation Rectal itching Rectal ulcer Recurrent oral ulcers Red eye Reflux, bile Reflux, vesicoureteral Regurgitation, aortic valve Regurgitation, mitral valve Reiters syndrome Renal cancer Renal lithiasis Retinopathy, diabetic Rhinitis, allergic Rhinitis, nonallergic Rhinitis, vasomotor Rib fracture Rift Valley fever Ringing in the ear Ringworm of the foot RLS Road rage Round back RSV Rubeola Runners knee Ruptured disk Mayo Clinic does not endorse companies or products. Advertising revenue supports our non-profit mission. Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links This page last reviewed on July 2, 2021 NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links 9000 Rockville Pike Bethesda, Maryland 20892 Phone 301-496-4000 E-mail httpswww.nih.govabout-nihask-nih NCI Public Inquiries Office 9609 Medical Center Drive Building 9609 MSC 9760 Bethesda, MD 20892-9760 Phone 1-800-422-6237 E-mail httpswww.cancer.govcontactemail-us National Eye Institute Information Office 31 Center Drive MSC 2510 Bethesda, MD 20892-2510 Phone 301-496-5248 E-mail 2020nei.nih.gov Building 31, Room 4B09 31 Center Drive, MSC 2152 9000 Rockville Pike Bethesda, MD 20892-2152 Phone 301-402-0911 E-mail httpswww.genome.gov10005049questions-and-feedback Building 31, Room 5A52 31 Center Drive, MSC 2486 Bethesda, MD 20892 Phone 301-592-8573 E-mail nhlbiinfonhlbi.nih.gov Building 31, Room 5C27 31 Center Drive, MSC 2292 Bethesda, MD 20892 Aging information 1-800-222-2225 Alzheimers disease information 1-800-438-4380 E-mail niaicnia.nih.gov 5635 Fishers Lane, MSC 9304 Bethesda, MD 20892-9304 Phone 301-443-3860 E-mail niaaaweb-rexchange.nih.gov NIAID Office of Communications and Government Relations 5601 Fishers Lane, MSC 9806 Bethesda, MD 20892-9806 Phone 1-866-284-4107 E-mail ocpostofficeniaid.nih.gov Information Clearinghouse National Institutes of Health 1 AMS Circle Bethesda, MD 20892-3675 Arthritis, musculoskeletal, and skin diseases 1-877-22-NIAMS Osteoporosis and other bone diseases 1-800-624-BONE E-mail NIAMSinfomail.nih.gov 6707 Democracy Blvd., Suite 202 Bethesda, MD 20892-5469 Phone 301-496-8859 E-mail infonibib.nih.gov Office of Communications 31 Center Drive Building 31, Room 2A32, MSC 2425 Bethesda, MD 20892-2425 Phone 1-800-370-2943 E-mail NICHDInformationResourceCentermail.nih.gov Please send any grant-related correspondence to Grants Management Branch 6710B Rockledge Drive, Room 3302 Bethesda, MD 20892-7004 Express MailCourier Service Bethesda, MD 20817 6001 Executive Boulevard, Room 5213 Bethesda, MD 20892-9561 Phone 1-877-NIDA-NIH E-mail httpsnida.nih.govabout-nidacontact-nida NIDCD Office of Health Communication and Public Liaison 31 Center Drive, MSC 2320 Bethesda, MD 20892-2320 Phone 1-800-241-1044 E-mail nidcdinfonidcd.nih.gov NIDCR Public Information and Liaison Branch 31 Center Drive, MSC 2190 Building 31, Room 5B55 Bethesda, MD 20892-2190 Phone 1-866-232-4528 E-mail nidcrinfomail.nih.gov Office of Communications and Public Liaison NIH, Building 31, Room 9A06, 31 Center Drive, MSC 2560 Bethesda, MD 20892-2560 Phone 1-800-860-8747 E-mail healthinfoniddk.nih.gov P.O. Box 12233 Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 Phone 919-541-3345 E-mail webcenterniehs.nih.gov 45 Center Drive, MSC 6200 Bethesda, MD 20892-6200 Phone 301-496-7301 E-mail infonigms.nih.gov Office of Communications 6001 Executive Boulevard, Room 6200, MSC 9663 Bethesda, MD 20892-9663 Phone 1-866-615-6464 E-mail nimhinfonih.gov 6707 Democracy Boulevard, Suite 800 Bethesda, MD 20892-5465 Phone 301-402-1366 E-mail NIMHDinfoNIMHD.NIH.gov P.O. Box 5801 Bethesda, MD 20824 Phone 1-800-352-9424 E-mail httpswww.ninds.nih.govContact_Us 31 Center Drive Building 31, Room 5B10 Bethesda, MD 20892-2178 Phone 301-496-0207 E-mail infoninr.nih.gov 8600 Rockville Pike Bethesda, MD 20894 Phone 1-888-FIND-NLM E-mail httpssupport.nlm.nih.gov Office of Communications 10 Center Drive Bethesda, MD 20892 Phone 301-496-2563 E-mail httpswww.cc.nih.govocmrcontactus.html 6555 Rock Spring Drive, 3G04 Bethesda, MD 20817 Phone 301-496-5703 E-mail httpsitservicedesk.nih.gov 6701 Rockledge Drive MSC 7768 Bethesda MD 20892-7768 Phone 301-435-1111 E-mail csrwebmastercsr.nih.gov 31 Center Drive, MSC 2220 Building 31 Bethesda, MD 20892-2220 Phone 301-496-2075 E-mail ficinfonih.gov 9609 Medical Center Drive, 1E Rockville, MD 20850-9793 Phone 301-594-8966 E-mail ncatsinfonih.gov 31 Center Drive, MSC 2182 Building 31, Room 2B-11 Bethesda, MD 20892-2182 Phone 1-888-644-6226 E-mail infonccih.nih.gov This page last reviewed on July 23, 2024 Institute and Center contact informationprinter-friendly version NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links This section of the NIH website provides tools to help improve the quality and usefulness of information for the public about science and health. We serve many audiences at NIH and our grantee institutions across the country scientists, health professionals, reporters, communicators, health educators, patients, caregivers, and the general public. Our goal as communicators is to contribute to public understanding of the nature of biomedical research and its role in health. Please feel free to email the NIH Science, Health and Public Trust Communications working group with your thoughts and suggestions. These days, anyone can write or talk about science and health topics, no matter how much or how little about the topic they actually know. Here are some questions weve put together to help you evaluate a source of information. A resource to help science and health communicators put the process of science into perspective and explain why science changes over time. A list of strategies for communicating science and health research to the public. A one-page guide to help put health risks into perspective, whether youre describing the results of a study to the public or potential treatments to a patient. A one-page guide to clarify the different kinds of clinical studies, explain why researchers use them, and touch a little on their strengths and weaknesses. Subscribe NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry Last Modified October 1, 2024 Boston Globe Media Partners Boston Globe, including our affiliates and subsidiaries, respects your privacy and are committed to protecting your Personal Information defined below. This Privacy Policy will let you know how we collect, use, process, maintain, and share your Personal Information, as well as your choices regarding the use, access, and correction of your Personal Information. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing notice we may provide when we are collecting or processing Personal Information about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This Privacy Policy supplements the other policies and is not intended to override them. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE Boston Globe Media Partners is made up of different legal entities, including our affiliates and subsidiaries. These entities include our websites including Boston.com, BostonGlobe.com, statnews.com, and other websites controlled by the Boston Globe or our affiliates, mobile applications or apps including Boston Globe ePaper, Boston.com, and any current or future apps of Boston Globe Media Partners or our affiliates, social media channels, electronic newsletters, and other Boston Globe digital properties the Digital Properties, the Boston Globe newspaper and our other print publications, and any of our other products or services podcasts, classified ads, events, contests and promotions, surveys, and the like. These are collectively referred to as Services. Personal Information is information that can be used to identify you, directly or indirectly, alone or together with other information. Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, physical addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, company affiliations, and associated interests. Personal Information does not include anonymous data, such as where the identity of an individual has been irretrievably removed. Aggregated Data, such as statistical or demographic data, may be derived from your Personal Information, but does not reveal your identity. Childrens Online Privacy Protection. In accordance with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act we do not knowingly collect or store any Personal Information for children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide us any personally identifying information. Third party links and applications. Our Digital Properties may include links to third party websites, platforms, plug-ins, and applications. We do not control these third party websites, platforms, and applications and are not responsible for their privacy policies. We encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit or application you use when you leave our Digital Properties. WHAT CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE GATHER ABOUT YOU? We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of Personal Information about you which we have grouped together follows If you fail to provide Personal Information. Where we need to collect Personal Information by law, under the terms of a contract we have with you, or for our legitimate interests, and you fail to provide that information when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time. We do, however, ask that you do not send us any sensitive personal information, such as a race, health or social security numbers. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION RECEIVED, COLLECTED, AND USED? We may collect and receive your Personal Information from you, third parties, and online or offline public resources. Additionally, we may combine your Personal Information from multiple sources. For information on how we share Personal Information, see Section IV. We use your Personal Information in different situations, including We also use functional cookies and technologies to help us improve our reader experience with our Digital Properties and Services. Finally, with your consent depending on your settings, we may use cookies for advertising purposes, which could include helping us collect your Technical, Usage, and Profile Data if you visit other websites employing our cookies, or to allow us to deliver relevant, personalized advertisements and content to you on our Digital Properties, Services, and other third party sites. For more information about our use of cookies and how you can manage your settings, please see Frequently Asked Questions about Cookies for STAT. In addition to disabling cookies and other tracking technologies, you may learn about targeted advertising generally and opt out of receiving targeted advertising by visiting websites operated by the Digital Advertising Alliance. A third party service provider may, for example, use cookies to build individual reader profiles, which we use to provide you with tailored content, advertising, and messaging. You may also manage some of the automated technologies being used for these purposes, and your preferences, which is explained further in our Cookie FAQ. Third Party Personal Information. Before you disclose the Personal Information of another person, you must obtain that persons consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you choose to provide us with that Personal Information, you represent that you have that other persons permission to do so. Change of purpose. We will only use your Personal Information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us, as set forth in Section X of this Privacy Policy. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? Except as set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law, we do not sell, license, rent, or swap your Personal Information without your permission. We may have to share your Personal Information with the categories and types of parties set out herein for the purposes outlined in Section III. We require all third parties to respect the security of your Personal Information and to treat it in accordance with the applicable law. Here are some examples of how we may share your information With other third parties, as required for legal compliance, law enforcement, public safety, or security purposes. For example, we may disclose your Personal Information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or with legal process, such as to comply with a subpoena, protect and defend our rights and property, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our websites, or to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES Marketing Opt-Out. You can unsubscribe from direct marketing communications by a not initially selecting the option provided to receive such communications, b using the unsubscribe link in a direct marketing email, or c emailing us at email protected. Subscribers to STAT may also adjust their newsletter preferences within the My Account section. Opting out of sales of personal information and processing for targeted advertising. Residents of certain states have the right to opt out of sales of their personal information and the processingsharing of their personal information for targeted advertising purposes. As explained in the section titled With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information? above, we disclose information to unaffiliated third parties for targeted advertising purposes, unaffiliated third parties that sponsor our events, and our affiliates within the Boston Globe Media Partners family of companies. Under certain laws, the disclosure of your personal information to these third parties to assist us in providing these services may be considered a sale of personal information or the processingsharing of personal information for targeted advertising purposes. Residents of any jurisdiction may opt out of our provision of their personal information to third parties for these purposes by clicking the following link, filling out the required information, and submitting the form Do Not SellShare My Personal Information. You may also submit a request to opt-out of sales other than online targeted advertising by mailing your request to us at Boston Globe Life Sciences Media, LLC STAT, 1 Exchange Place, Boston, MA 02109, Attn Sale Opt-Out Request. To the extent we sell your personal information as the term sell is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act or share your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes, you have the right to opt-out of such sales and sharing at any time. Please see Opting out of sales of personal information and sharingprocessing for targeted advertising above for information about how to exercise this right. If you are a California resident, you also have the right, under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed Personal Information for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. Please email requests for such information to email protected. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS EUEEA, UK, AND OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTIONS The Boston Globe is headquartered and operates in the United States, and many of our external third parties are based outside the EUEEA. In order to perform our contractual obligations with you, if any, as well as for operational and other legitimate interest reasons, we may process, store, and transfer Personal Information in a country which may be outside of your own, such as the United States. By providing us with your Personal Information you acknowledge such transfer of information out of your jurisdiction. If you do not wish for certain Personal Information to be so transferred, please do not provide your Personal Information to us andor take such steps described herein to prevent the collection of your Personal Information. Please note in your doing so, and without such information, we may be unable to provide Services to you. If you have any questions, please contact us. DATA INTEGRITY AND SECURITY We have put in place commercially appropriate security measures to prevent your Personal Information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed, and to maintain its accuracy and integrity. While no security is impenetrable, we implement and maintain commercially appropriate technical, physical, administrative, and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk for our use of the Personal Information, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation, and the nature, scope, context, and purposes of processing. For Personal Information of EUEEA and UK residents, we also take into account the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of individuals. Boston Globe personnel receive training, as applicable, to effectively implement our privacy policies. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal information breach and will notify you andor any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. MINIMIZATION, RETENTION, AND DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including, for example, for so long as we provide you with Services, and for the purposes of satisfying any legal including but not limited to enforcement of agreements or resolving disputes, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In some circumstances, we may anonymize your Personal Information so that it can no longer be associated with you for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. EUEEA AND UK SPECIFIC CLAUSES Lawful Basis for Processing EUEEA UK Regardless of your jurisdiction, we will only use your Personal Information when the law allows us to. That said, if you are a resident of the EUEEA or the United Kingdom, our lawful basis for collecting and using your Personal Information will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. Generally, we will not collect or access any Personal Information other than in the manner described above. What we mean by legitimate interests is the interest of our business in conducting, managing, and growing our business to enable us to give you the best and most secure experience with our Services or Digital Properties. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you both positive and negative and your rights before we process your Personal Information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your Personal Information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law. Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your information. If you would like to get more information on how we balance legitimate interests or the specific legal ground we are relying on, please contact us. Where we rely upon your consent to process the Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time. We do not generally rely on consent as a legal basis other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email. You may withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us at email protected, or by using any of the relevant methods described in Section III. Please note that this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Your Data Subject Rights Under certain circumstances, you have rights under applicable data protection laws with respect to Personal Information we knowingly collected. We will try to comply with any of these requests pertaining to your Personal Information in accordance with applicable law. As a security measure, we may need to verify your identity before acting on your request. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. Please recognize that in certain circumstances we may be unable to provide the access or information sought, or correction or deletion requested. This may be because a request would require us to release commercial confidential information, disclose Personal Information relating to another person that is not the requestor, or would result in impracticability, excessive redundancy, andor an undue burden or expense to the Boston Globe. You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Information or to exercise any of the other rights. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if it is clear that your request is unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact our privacy manager at Email email protected Phone 617-929-7900 between 900am and 530pm EST Fax 617-929-7975, Attention Privacy Manager Mail 1 Exchange Place, Boston, MA 02109, Attention Privacy Manager Complaints in the first instance. Subject to applicable law, EUEEA residents, including the United Kingdom, who believe we maintain their Personal Information within the scope of the applicable privacy laws have a right to make a complaint at any time to their local supervisory authority or to the Information Commissioners Office, the UK Supervisory Authority, for data protection issues. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance. ACCEPTANCE AND CHANGES TO THIS POLICY By using the Boston Globes Services and Digital Properties, andor submitting any of your Personal Information to us, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please do not send us any Personal Information you do not want used in this way. This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with the applicable data protection and privacy laws and principles. We will make you aware of changes to this Privacy Policy either by posting to our intranet, through email, or other means, particularly prior to any material changes becoming effective. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If you do not wish your information to be subject to the revised Privacy Policy, you will need to deactivate any accounts with us and stop using our Digital Properties and Services. Your continued use of our Digital Properties and Services after the posting of such changes will constitute your consent to such changes. WHO SHOULD YOU CONTACT IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS? For questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our security practices If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or are seeking to exercise any of your statutory rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details below. Email email protected or email protected. Phone 617-929-7900 between 900am and 530pm EST Fax 617-929-7975, Attention Privacy Manager Mail 1 Exchange Place, Boston, MA 02109, Attention Privacy Manager Updates to Personal Information If you would like to update your Personal Information, or if you no longer desire our services, you can contact our privacy manager at the above contact information. Subscribers to The Boston Globe may also revise their Personal Information within the Member Center and subscribers to STAT may revise their Personal Information within the My Account page. Unsubscribe Requests If you would like to unsubscribe from our email lists, you can do so by clicking the link to unsubscribe at the bottom of any email from us or by emailing email protected and providing all of your email addresses that could appear on our email lists, as well as the name of the newsletter from which you would like to unsubscribe. Subscribers to STAT may also manage their newsletters within My Account. Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry By Jason Mast March 10, 2025 General Assignment Reporter Beam Therapeutics said Monday that it used a form of CRISPR called base editing to correct, in several patients, a mutation that drives a debilitating lung condition that may affect tens of thousands of Americans. The company touted the data as evidence of the first successful use of CRISPR gene editing to fix a disease-causing mutation. Most previous CRISPR trials have focused on knocking out genes that are either deleterious or that, when removed, can have profound impacts in particular diseases, like sickle cell. advertisement Patients with the condition Beam targeted, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, or AATD, generally have a single misspelled letter in the gene that codes for AAT, a protein that helps protect the lungs. STAT Exclusive Story Already have an account? Log in Already have an account? Log in Monthly 39 Totals 468 per year Totals 468 per year Starter 30 for 3 months, then 399year Then 399year Annual 399 Save 15 Save 15 11 Users Custom Savings start at 25! Savings start at 25! 2-10 Users 300 Annually per user 300 Annually per user To read the rest of this story subscribe to STAT. Jason Mast General Assignment Reporter Jason Mast is a general assignment reporter at STAT focused on the science behind new medicines and the systems and people that decide whether that science ever reaches patients. You can reach Jason on Signal at JasonMast.05. Your morning rundown of the science, politics, and money driving biotech today Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. By Elaine Chen By Matthew Herper advertisement By Elaine Chen By Meghana Keshavan By Gairik Sachdeva By Adam Feuerstein By Angus Chen By Gairik Sachdeva By Adam Feuerstein By Kay Lazar and Liz Kowalczyk  Boston Globe Share options X Bluesky LinkedIn Facebook Doximity Copy link Reprints Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry As further explained in our Privacy Policy, residents of certain states have the right to opt out of sales of their personal information and processing of their personal information for targeted advertising purposes. If you are a resident of a jurisdiction that offers such rights, or a resident of another state that would like to make a similar opt-out request, please submit the form below to submit a request to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by STAT. Required Δ Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry By Jonathan Wosen March 5, 2025 West Coast Biotech  Life Sciences Reporter A federal judge on Wednesday issued a nationwide preliminary injunction blocking the Trump administration from slashing National Institutes of Health payments for research overhead, a decision that suggests plaintiffs seeking to overturn the sweeping policy change are likely to eventually succeed. The order halts implementation of a cap on payments for indirect costs  facility and administrative fees linked to research  while the judge hears full arguments in three lawsuits that will determine the fate of billions of federal dollars that flow to universities, medical centers, and other grant recipients. advertisement In her ruling, Judge Angel Kelley of the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts wrote, Considering the irreparable harm likely to befall similarly situated nonparties, the chaos that would result both for institutions and NIH from a patchwork of injunctions, the diffuse nature of the Plaintiffs, and the nature of the suit, a nationwide preliminary injunction is the appropriate and reasonable remedy. STAT Exclusive Story Already have an account? Log in Already have an account? Log in Monthly 39 Totals 468 per year Totals 468 per year Starter 30 for 3 months, then 399year Then 399year Annual 399 Save 15 Save 15 11 Users Custom Savings start at 25! Savings start at 25! 2-10 Users 300 Annually per user 300 Annually per user To read the rest of this story subscribe to STAT. Jonathan Wosen West Coast Biotech  Life Sciences Reporter Jonathan Wosen is STATs West Coast biotech  life sciences reporter. You can reach Jonathan on Signal at jwosen.27. Understand how science, health policy, and medicine shape the world every day Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. By Bob Herman, Tara Bannow, and Casey Ross By Anil Oza advertisement By Elaine Chen By Jason Mast By Lizzy Lawrence and Matthew Herper By Adam Feuerstein By Angus Chen By Gairik Sachdeva By Adam Feuerstein By Kay Lazar and Liz Kowalczyk  Boston Globe Share options X Bluesky LinkedIn Facebook Doximity Copy link Reprints Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry By Rachel Cohrs Zhang Jan. 20, 2025 Chief Washington Correspondent WASHINGTON  When Donald Trump takes the oath of office today, it may well usher in a new era of Republican messaging, and policy, on health care. To get there, Trump followed a circuitous path that led him to a recent Democrat and rival-turned-ally, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., his pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services. Through his presidential campaigns and first administration, Trump could not quite land on the right message to harness the populist momentum that drove his commanding influence over the Republican party. advertisement RFK Jr.s promise to Make America Healthy Again provided the answer. His rhetoric is more focused on promoting a healthy lifestyle, questioning public health officials, and interrogating the role of big business than on how insurance benefits are designed or how medicines are priced. STAT Exclusive Story Already have an account? Log in Already have an account? Log in Monthly 39 Totals 468 per year Totals 468 per year Starter 30 for 3 months, then 399year Then 399year Annual 399 Save 15 Save 15 11 Users Custom Savings start at 25! Savings start at 25! 2-10 Users 300 Annually per user 300 Annually per user To read the rest of this story subscribe to STAT. Rachel Cohrs Zhang Chief Washington Correspondent Rachel Cohrs Zhang reported on the intersection of health policy and business in Washington. She covered Capitol Hill, lobbying, and federal agencies. Her primary areas of focus were the pharmaceutical and hospital industries. She was also the co-author of the free, twice-weekly D.C. Diagnosis newsletter. Understand how science, health policy, and medicine shape the world every day Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. By Associated Press By Megan Molteni advertisement By Anil Oza and Katherine MacPhail By Kay Lazar and Liz Kowalczyk  Boston Globe By Megan Molteni By Adam Feuerstein By Angus Chen By Gairik Sachdeva By Adam Feuerstein By Kay Lazar and Liz Kowalczyk  Boston Globe Share options X Bluesky LinkedIn Facebook Doximity Copy link Reprints Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

