This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Find articles you have previously saved. Add or remove by clicking the bookmark icon. Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads Essay Samuel Huntington Is Getting His Revenge Create an FP account to save articles to read later. Sign Up ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Gifting articles is a subscriber benefit. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN This article is an Insider exclusive. Contact us at email protected to learn about upgrade options, unlocking the ability to gift this article. Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Nils Gilman is a historian and the executive vice president and chief operating officer of the Berggruen Institute.  Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

