For all media requests, please contact pressnewscientist.com New Scientist has offices in London and New York. Our staff of seasoned and expert science journalists regularly appear on radio, podcasts, television and panel discussions and at live events to discuss the latest developments in science and technology  and what they mean for society. Members of our editorial team are also skilled at hosting and moderating events, whether they are for external partners or our own extensive event offerings, including evening lectures, day-long Instant Expert masterclasses and our annual New Scientist Live festival that draws more than 30,000 visitors. If you would like one of our staff to appear on your programme or at your event, or for any other media requests, please get in touch by emailing pressnewscientist.com. For more about New Scientist, please visit our About page. Catherine de Lange Catherine de Lange is New Scientists editor. Timothy Revell Timothy Revell is New Scientists executive editor. Penny Sarchet Penny Sarchet is New Scientists managing editor. Jacob Aron Jacob Aron is New Scientists news editor. Chelsea Whyte Chelsea Whyte is New Scientists US editor. She is based in New York. Rowan Hooper Rowan Hooper is a podcast editor and host of the New Scientist Weekly podcast. Alison George Alison George is a features editor who focuses on life sciences, health, the environment and archaeology. Madeleine Cuff Madeleine Cuff is an environment reporter, covering the science of climate change, its impacts and solutions to the crisis. Her beat also ranges across wildlife, conservation and the natural world. James Dinneen James Dinneen is an environment reporter based in New York. He covers climate change, biodiversity, conservation and energy. Sam Wong Sam Wong is an assistant news editor responsible for commissioning environment, biology and archaeology stories. Alison Flood Alison Flood is New Scientists comment and culture editor and runs the New Scientist Book Club. Liz Else Liz Else is a senior culture editor, covering science books and the arts. Linda Rodriguez-McRobbie Linda Rodriguez-McRobbie is a features editor focusing on biology, medicine, health and psychology. Kate Douglas Kate Douglas is a features editor who focuses on biology, evolution, ecology, psychology and archaeology. Corryn Wetzel Corryn Wetzel is an assistant news editor and wildlife reporter based in New York. Alexandra Thompson Alexandra Thompson is an assistant news editor focused on health. Graham Lawton Graham Lawton is a staff writer who focuses on features about life sciences, health, biodiversity and the environment. Grace Wade Grace Wade is a health reporter focused on public health, nutrition and biotechnology. She is based in New York. Carissa Wong Carissa Wong is a health reporter who covers a range of medical topics, from infectious diseases to cancer and mental health. Alice Klein Alice Klein is a reporter based in Sydney, Australia who mainly writes about health, biology and the environment. She is currently on leave. Daniel Cossins Daniel Cossins is the head of features. He mainly focuses on the physical sciences, particularly cosmology, particle physics and condensed matter. Leah Crane Leah Crane is a features editor and space and physics reporter, covering topics ranging from private space flight and cosmology to quantum mechanics. She is based in Chicago. Abigail Beall Abigail Beall is a features editor with a focus in physics, astronomy and cosmology. She also writes the monthly column Stargazing at Home. She is currently on leave. Joshua Howgego Joshua Howgego is the deputy head of features and primarily covers physical sciences, space and cosmology. Karmela Padavic-Callaghan Karmela Padavic-Callaghan is a science reporter focused on physics, materials science and quantum technology. They are based in New York. Alex Wilkins Alex Wilkins is a news reporter focused on physics and technology, with particular interests in artificial intelligence, quantum computing and astronomy. Sophie Bushwick Sophie Bushwick is a senior news editor who focuses on technology, physics and space. She is based in New York. Jeremy Hsu Jeremy Hsu is a technology reporter, covering artificial intelligence, robotics, drones and computing. He is based in New York. Matthew Sparkes Matthew Sparkes is a science and technology reporter whose beat covers robotics, quantum computing, AI and mathematics. Download the app

Advertisement Welcome to our new crossword and puzzle site. You can now tackle all our crosswords online in our mobile-friendly digital format, which lets you check your answers, keep a score and play with friends. You can also pit your wits against our weekly puzzles. We publish a new crossword every Thursday, alternating between quick and cryptic. Subscribers can access the full archive of crosswords and puzzles. For non-subscribers, one cryptic crossword and one quick crossword are free to play to give you a taste of what our puzzles have to offer. If youre new to cryptic crosswords and want to learn how to tackle them read our guide for beginners . Happy puzzling! Subscriber-only Subscriber-only Subscriber-only Subscriber-only Subscriber-only Subscriber-only Subscriber-only Subscriber-only Advertisement Regulars Subscriber-only Regulars Subscriber-only Regulars Subscriber-only Regulars Subscriber-only Regulars Subscriber-only Regulars Subscriber-only Regulars Subscriber-only Regulars Subscriber-only Advertisement Download the app

This website Website is provided by New Scientist Limited, incorporated in England  Wales with its registered office address at Northcliffe House 2 Derry Street, Kensington, London, England, W8 5TT company no 10644366 we, us etc. The following terms and conditions Terms apply to the use of our Website and any goods or services provided by us, including subscriptions offered by us from time to time together the Services. They also govern all materials and information associated with the Services Materials. Please note that other services for example our app may be governed by specific terms or privacy information. These Terms contain important information about how our Services operate, restrictions on how you can use them, and who to speak to if you have a problem. Please read them carefully as, by using our Services, you agree to these Terms. We may revise these Terms from time to time including by amending this page, so please check back regularly, as the latest version will always apply. To help you navigate these Terms, we have broken them down into the following sections General Terms Subscription Terms and Privacy  Cookies Policy. 1.1. By using the Services, you signify your agreement to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to accept these Terms, you should not use the Services. 1.2 We reserve the right to change these Terms at any time and you are advised to review the Terms regularly to ensure that you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Services after such changes are posted will be deemed agreement on your part to these Terms, as amended. 1.3 Please also read our Privacy and Cookies Policy, which explains how we may collect and use information about you via the Services. 1.4 If you subscribe to a print or an app  web subscription via our Services, the Subscription Terms below will govern that subscription. 2.1 Access to our Website is permitted on a temporary basis and we reserve the right to suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our Website without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. 2.2 We may update our Services from time to time and may change the content on our Services at any time. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Services or any Materials. 2.3 Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information available via our Services, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our Services is accurate, complete or up-to-date. 2.4 If we permit you to post or provide any information on or via our Services, you must ensure that such information does not contravene any applicable laws or infringe any persons legal rights. We do not monitor or edit documents or files posted or provided to us by third parties and accordingly we do not accept any responsibility for any damage or loss you may suffer. 2.5 We may add to or remove Materials and features from the Services without notice, save that if we make changes to the Subscription Terms see below which we deem are material, we will notify you. 2.6 You agree that you will not 2.6.1 attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise access any of the software programmes, databases or other systems used by us to provide the Services or to derive source code from our Services 2.6.2 tamper with, hinder the operation of, make unauthorised modifications to our Services including attempting to interfere with the access of any user, host or network 2.6.3 use the Services, or any of the facilities available on them, for any activities which breach any laws or regulations or infringe any third party rights, send or post or allow any posting of information which is defamatory or obscene or which violates the legal rights of others, nor use the Services to send any unsolicited promotional or advertising material or any volume messages which may interfere with the provision of the Services or the use of the Services by others 2.6.4 remove, obscure, or alter any copyright notices, trademarks, or other proprietary rights notices of ours or any third party 2.6.5 use the personal information of another person in order to access or use our Services2.6.6 transmit any bug, virus or other disabling feature to or through the Services 2.6.7 abstract, download, store, reproduce, transmit, display, copy, distribute or use the Materials other than as permitted by these Terms 2.7 Where you are provided with a log-in, username, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures you must treat such information as confidential and you must not disclose it to any third party. The right to use the secure areas of the Services is personal to you, and you may not allow other people to use your log-in details. 2.8 You are responsible for all activity and for the accuracy of all information and requests sent using your username, password or any other personal identification implemented to identify you. 2.9 You must notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your account, or other account related security breach of which you are aware. 2.10 If you inform us, or if we have reason to believe that, unauthorised use is being made of the Services whether by you or through your account then, without prejudice to our other rights and remedies, we may suspend or terminate your access to the secure areas of the Services immediately and without notice to you. 2.11 As an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases. 3.1 We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights and other rights in our Services, and in the material published on them whether in machine readable or printed form. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. 3.2 You acquire no proprietary interest in the Service or Materials except as expressly permitted by these Terms, and you may not use the Service or the Materials in any way that infringes the intellectual property rights in them. 3.3 Please see clause 9 in our Subscription Terms for permitted usage and licence restrictions regarding the Materials. 4.1 We provide the Services on an as is and as available basis and to the fullest extent permissible by law we do not guarantee that our Services will meet particular requirements, or be available, accessible, uninterrupted, timely, secure or operate without error, or that it will be free from viruses, worms, Trojans or other harmful elements. We recommend that you protect your equipment by having appropriate anti-virus software in place. 4.2 Where our Services contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, so we assume no responsibility for the content of such sites. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked sites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. 4.3 To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other Terms which may apply to our Services or any content on them, whether express or implied. 4.4 To the full extent permissible by law, we will have no liability in contract, tort including negligence and breach of statutory duty or otherwise for any indirect, special or consequential loss, including indirect loss of profits or business opportunity whether or not reasonably foreseeable and even if it had been advised of the other incurring the same, however it arises, resulting from the use of or inability to use the Services or any Materials on it or from any action or decision taken as a result of using the Service or any such Material. 4.5 Our total liability to you under these Terms shall not exceed the greater of a 50.00 or local currency equivalent or b the total amount paid by you for access to the relevant Service during the 12-month period prior to the date of your loss. 4.6 Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or limit any liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law. 5.1 We reserve the right in our absolute discretion to prohibit any link from another site to materials or information on our Services without notice. 5.2 Any link to material or information on our Services must be neither misleading nor deceptive and must fairly indicate our Services as the destination of the link. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. 6.1 We will not be liable or responsible to you for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations to you that is caused by any event outside our reasonable control Force Majeure Event. A Force Majeure Event includes the following without limitation 6.2 Our performance under these terms and conditions is deemed to be suspended for the period that the Force Majeure Event continues, and we may at our discretion extend time for performance for the duration of that period. 6.3 We will use our reasonable endeavours to minimise the disruption caused by any Force Majeure Event, including in our absolute discretion, and subject to availability offering alternative products and services for those elements of a subscription directly affected by a Force Majeure Event. 6.4 Please check our website regularly for any service updates, including potential Force Majeure Events. 7.1 Subject to clauses 7.2 and 7.3 below, these Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them including non-contractual disputes or claims are governed by and construed in accordance with English law and will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. 7.2 If you are a consumer and your use of the Services gives rise to a potential dispute or claim when you are a resident of 7.3 Nothing in these Terms, including this clause 7, affects any consumer rights you may have under any mandatory local laws of the country in which you are a resident. 8.1 If you have a complaint about any of our Services or about something that appeared in New Scientist, please contact our Customer Care team. Please provide details of your complaint including copies or any correspondence or documents relating to your complaint. We will try to resolve any complaint with you quickly and efficiently in accordance with our Complaints Policy. 8.2 If we are unable to resolve any complaints in accordance with our Complaints Policy, or you are unhappy with the outcome, you may request that alternative dispute resolution ADR is used. ADR is process for resolving disputes between you and us that does not involve going to court. We will provide you with the name and website of an ADR provider that would be competent to deal with your issues. If you make a request for the complaint to be settled by ADR, we will consider whether or not we wish to participate in ADR, but we are not obliged by law to participate. 8.3 If you do not wish to use ADR, or you are unhappy with the outcome of ADR, you can still bring court proceedings in accordance with clause 7 of these Terms. 8.4 If you have a specific question relating to your subscription, please check the FAQs here before contacting our subscriptions teams. Otherwise please contact us using the contact details. In these Terms, Subscriber means an individual subscriber and Authorised User means an employee duly authorised by an organisation who is a Subscriber or any other person expressly authorised by New Scientist Limited. Unauthorised Person means any person who is neither a Subscriber nor an Authorised User. 9.1 As an Authorised User or Subscriber, you may use the Materials that appear in any subscription service we offer from time to time Subscription Service for your own private or business research. For this purpose 9.2 We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your subscription at any time, with or without notice or explanation, if we believe you are breaching, or have breached, these Terms in any way. If passwords are issued by us to access the Subscription Service 11.1 You can subscribe to New Scientist via our subscriptions centre, or by contacting our subscriptions department. 11.2 In addition to these Subscription Terms, your subscription may be subject to any individual offer terms notified to you during the subscription process. 11.3 If you are subscribed to New Scientist under a Corporate or Educational subscription, these Subscription Terms will apply to your subscription to the extent relevant. Please contact your organisations subscription holder with any specific queries about your Corporate or Educational subscription or its duration. 11.4 Student subscriptions may also be available at discounted rates. Please see httpswww.newscientist.comsubscribestudentdiscount for further details including applicable terms and conditions. 12.1 New Scientists subscription options change frequently. Please check our subscriptions centre for up to date information and offers on subscription options. Our main subscription products are 12.2 Your subscription term, your rights to cancel your subscription andor your rights to receive a refund may differ if you used a voucher code or other offer. Further details will be set out with the relevant offer or its terms and conditions. 12.3 Newscientist.com has a limited amount of free content. Paid-for content is available to all magazine subscribers. If you are a subscriber please activate your subscription for full access to newscientist.com. 12.4 Please note that subscriptions purchased from iTunes, Google Play, Amazon or Zinio do not include full access to newscientist.com. 13.1 App  Web your subscription will be activated once you complete the subscription process at httpswww.newscientist.comsubscribe or via our subscriptions department and we authorise your payment details. We will arrange access promptly, but we cannot guarantee that your subscription will be activated by any specified time. 13.2 Print  App  Web in addition to the process for App  Web above, you will be given the option to select a Start Issue during the subscription process. We will endeavour to accommodate all requests and will send the next available print issue to your chosen delivery address. 13.3 The terms that govern your minimum subscription and any renewal will vary depending on the subscription chosen under the offer advertised. We will tell you your minimum subscription term before you agree to purchase your subscription, and this will be set out in your welcome email. 13.4 You may receive a free trial or introductory offer as part of your subscription. When the free trial or introductory offer period finishes your subscription will automatically continue at the price quoted on the site during the sign-up process, unless you cancel before the end of the trial or introductory period. We will send you a reminder notification in accordance with your communication preferences at least seven 7 days before any automatic renewal following a free trial or introductory period, including instructions on how to cancel, and details on the price and term of the recurring agreement. 14.1 By submitting your payment and other subscription details, you are making an offer to us to purchase a subscription using the paymentbilling details provided. Your offer will only be accepted by us and a contract formed when we have successfully verified your details, at which point we will send you a welcome email confirming your subscription. We reserve the right to reject any offer in our absolute discretion, including as a result of obvious pricing errors. 14.2 Offers and prices will vary from time to time and by country. Please check our subscriptions centre for up to date options on subscription and available offers. 14.3 The cost of your subscription will be made clear to you when completing your subscription and confirmed in your welcome email. 14.4 You agree to pay the fees at the rates notified to you at the time you purchase one of our subscriptions. If you make a request to change your subscription, we will notify you of the change in cost and you agree to pay the new price confirmed in your updated welcome email. 14.5 We will notify you of any material changes to your subscription see clause 17.2 below. 14.6 Promotional offers and incentives are subject to availability and may be changed at any time, subject to applicable laws. 15.1 Payment can be made using all major credit or debit cards and via PayPal. Direct Debit may also be available depending on your location. Please see payment details at subscription checkout for further information. 15.2 Payment types and subscription duration may be restricted for certain promotional offers. Please check the terms of the individual offer for further details. 15.3 By submitting payment details to us, you warrant that you are entitled to purchase a subscription using those payment details. 15.4 Direct Debit A UK bank account is required for Direct Debit subscriptions. On acceptance of your direct debit subscription we will inform you of the date your subscription will begin. The subscription is deemed continuous and you will be charged at the beginning of your subscription and at the agreed frequency thereafter. 15.5 Continuous Card Authority If you choose to pay for your subscription by continuous card authority, your subscription will be deemed continuous your debitcredit card will be debited at the beginning of your subscription and at the agreed frequency thereafter. 15.6 Transaction Fees Depending on your location i.e. outside of the US and UK, a transaction fee from your bank or card issuing company may apply. Please contact your bank or card issuing company with questions on applicable fees. 15.7 If you default on any payment, we recommend that you contact us as soon as possible so that we can discuss potential options. Where missed or failed payments persist, we reserve all our rights, including to suspend or terminate your subscription. 15.8 If your subscription has been terminated and you would like to re-subscribe to one of our subscriptions, please contact our subscriptions department. We reserve the right to require payment in full of any outstanding amount owed to us. 16.1 We print editions of New Scientist in the UK, the United States, and Australia and have a global network for delivery. We print editions of New Scientist Essential Guide in the UK and have a global network for delivery. However, please check the availability of delivery to your country when subscribing or contact our subscriptions department. 16.2 A valid postal address including postal  zip code is required for a print subscription. 16.3 Although we do our best to ship print copies out to you as regularly as possible, supply cannot be guaranteed, and may be affected by events outside our control, especially in geographically remote areas. Please check our website regularly for any service updates, including potential Force Majeure Events see Events outside our control force majeure at clause 6 of the General Terms above. 16.4 Please make sure your delivery details are accurate and up-to-date. For any changes to your delivery preferences, please update your account at www.newscientist.commyaccount or contact us using the contact details here. 17.1 By you 17.2 By us 18.1 If you want to cancel your subscription, please contact our customer service team using the contact details here. 18.2 If you cancel within fourteen 14 days of the start of your subscription or any subsequent renewal, we will refund any payments received from you using the same method of payment that you used to purchase your subscription. 18.3 In all other cases, your subscription will continue until your current minimum subscription or payment term ends. 18.4 When cancelling your subscription, please have the following information ready 19.1 App  Web To benefit fully from our subscriptions, you will need one or more of the following at a minimum 19.2 In addition to the subscription fees due to us, you are responsible for paying any internet connection or other telecommunications charges that you may incur by accessing the Subscription Service or using the services available on it. For example, your mobile network operator may charge you for data or roaming services. For full details of how we collect and use your personal information, please see our Privacy and Cookies Policy. Download the app

New Scientist is the worlds most popular weekly science and technology publication. Our website, app and print editions cover international news from a scientific standpoint, and ask the big-picture questions about life, the universe and what it means to be human. If someone in the world has a good idea, you will read about it in New Scientist. Since the magazine was founded in 1956 for all those interested in scientific discovery and its social consequences, it has expanded to include newsletters, videos, podcasts, courses and live events in the UK, US and Australia, including New Scientist Live, the worlds greatest festival of science. New Scientist is based in London and New York, with operations elsewhere in the UK, the US and Australia. New Scientist magazine In a time when facts are in short supply, there has never been a greater need for a trusted, impartial source of information about what is going on in the world  or a greater need for inspiration through exceptional ideas. From artificial intelligence to climate change, from the latest innovations in health to the mysteries of quantum physics and the human mind, New Scientist covers the ideas and innovations that matter. We talk to researchers at the cutting edge, separate fact from fiction and distil it all into an intelligible, need-to-know digest. News New Scientist covers the latest news from all areas of science, from the covid-19 pandemic to space travel. We provide a balanced, impartial viewpoint on the biggest stories as they happen to give you the facts you need. With news articles added to the New Scientist website daily and the best stories included in our magazine every week, you are always up to date. Features In every issue of New Scientist, you get exclusive features that dive deep into the most interesting new developments, from the origins of humanity to health and technological advances. Written by specialists in the field and expert journalists, these features present the latest developments in an accessible way, so you dont have to be a scientist to enjoy them. All of our magazine features are available on our website and app, so you can stay informed wherever you are. Subscriber-only events A New Scientist subscription gives you exclusive access to four free virtual subscriber-only events per year. Previous events have included New Scientists Christmas special and Reporting a Pandemic, both of which are available on demand. These events see our editorial team delve into the topics that matter most to you. Virtual events New Scientist also runs other virtual events and evening lectures throughout the year where celebrated experts discuss the most interesting subjects from all branches of science. These events and one-day masterclasses will help you truly understand the world around you and discover brand new areas of interest. In addition, subscribers have access to exclusive digital events throughout the year for even more great content. Newsletters Get the best of New Scientist delivered straight to your desktop, phone or tablet with our suite of newsletters, which cover everything from daily news to the biggest ideas in space, physics, biology, human evolution and the environment. Video Discover hundreds of inspirational and entertaining videos about everything from how vaccines work to what it would be like to fall into a black hole. Catch up with the latest researcher videos or watch in-depth interviews with the worlds top scientists. Podcasts Keep up to date with the latest science news on the go with New Scientists podcasts which bring you all the weeks biggest stories. Our podcasts are a quick way to stay up to date with all things scientific when you dont have time to stop and read. Courses Learn from world-class experts about the hottest topics in science with New Scientist Academy. Tours Travel to sites of scientific importance throughout the world. Our enriching experiences include tours, expeditions, cruises and short breaks, accompanied by experts in a range of fields and members of the New Scientist editorial team. Why subscribe? Subscribers not only gain access to the full archive of digital content available on the website and within the New Scientist app, they can also access subscriber-only events and weekly interactive crosswords. Just click here to subscribe. Download the app

Science events and one-day masterclasses on subjects that affect us all and explain the world around us Stay up to date on social media Congress Centre, London 15 March 2025 Event 26 March 2025 Online Event 1 April 2025 Congress Centre, London 26 April 2025 Event 30 April 2025 155 Bishopsgate London 20 May 2025 ExCeL London and Live Streaming 18-20 October 2025 Online On Demand Event Event On Demand Event Download the app

About Phys.org is a leading web-based science, research and technology news service which covers a full range of topics. Phys.org is a part of Science X network. With a global reach of over 10 million monthly readers and featuring dedicated websites for science Phys.org, technology Tech Xplore and medical research Medical Xpress, the Science X network is one of the largest online communities for science-minded people. Science X Account Forgot Password? Not a member? Sign up. Identify the news topics you want to see and prioritize an order. Science X Daily and the Weekly Email Newsletter are free features that allow you to receive your favorite sci-tech news updates in your email inbox  Phys.org 2003 - 2025 powered by Science X Network

Click here to sign in with or Forget Password? Learn more share this! Share Tweet Share Email March 10, 2025 This article has been reviewed according to Science Xs editorial process and policies. Editors have highlighted the following attributes while ensuring the contents credibility fact-checked trusted source proofread by Sian Wilkerson, Virginia Commonwealth University Victim, perpetrator, witness The news medias depictions of political violence frequently involve the assignment of specificand easily understandableroles. But when those roles become muddled, the medias framing of those transitions can vary. In a new study published in January, Virginia Commonwealth University researchers Jessica Trisko Darden, Ph.D., and Amanda Wintersieck, Ph.D., both associate professors in the Department of Political Science in VCUs College of Humanities and Sciences, analyzed reporting on the case of Dominic Ongwen. The paper can be found in the journal Media, War  Conflict. Ongwen, a former child soldier who had been forcibly abducted by the Lords Resistance Army in Uganda, went on to climb the ranks of the extremist groups leadership. He was found guilty in 2021 for a total of 61 crimes and sentenced by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to 25 years in prison. As both a victim and perpetrator, Ongwen holds an ambiguous status under international law, and media portrayals of him and others with similar backgrounds can be equally complex. Trisko Darden and Wintersieck worked with Izabela Steflja, Ph.D., a political science professor at Wilfrid Laurier University in Canada, as well as a group of Federal Work-Study students to catalog nearly 800 news articles related to Ongwens case. Collecting data and identifying themes, they eventually pulled out 117 articles that used variations of the word turn, analyzing the context in which the word was used in each instance. What they found is that individuals facing charges in international court can be understood very differently, in very distinct contexts, Trisko Darden said. In their home community or their home country, they may be understood in a very different way than they are, say, in a European, transnational court. In other words, victim-perpetrators can be judged more harshly by the home communities that have been more directly affected by their crimes, compared with international audiences. The media does really shape how we understand war crimes prosecutions, and theres a big gap in coverage between international and local prosecutions, Trisko Darden said. Our research really recognizes this tension between local justice and international justice, and how the affected communities understand and frame those different processes. Since its establishment in 2002, the International Criminal Court has investigated and tried individuals charged with crimes of concern to the international community. As of early this year, there have been 32 cases before the court, including Ongwens. In conceptualizing what this project looked like, we really struggled, Wintersieck said. And when we sat down to figure out what we were struggling about, it was that we lacked a theoretical framework. Nobody had provided a framework for understanding this process, and so this is a theory-building piece that scholars who are interested in looking at these processes can use. This is Wintersieck and Trisko Dardens second article analyzing the media depiction of Ongwen. Currently, they are working with a new group of FWS students on a study about another individual from the Lords Resistance Army who was prosecuted within Uganda instead of being sent to The Hague, allowing comparisons across the different reporting of local, regional and international sources and to understand differences in how prominent these trials were, Trisko Darden said. Were interested in understanding how global publics understand the value of different justice mechanisms for war crimes, as seen through news media and reporting. More information Jessica Trisko Darden et al, Framing victims and perpetrators Local and international reporting on the International Criminal Court case against Dominic Ongwen, Media, War  Conflict 2025. DOI 10.117717506352241312086 Provided by Virginia Commonwealth University Explore further Facebook Twitter Email Feedback to editors 1 hour ago 0 2 hours ago 0 2 hours ago 0 3 hours ago 0 Mar 9, 2025 0 8 minutes ago 21 minutes ago 24 minutes ago 26 minutes ago 37 minutes ago 44 minutes ago 46 minutes ago 55 minutes ago 57 minutes ago 1 hour ago 39 minutes ago 11 hours ago 13 hours ago Mar 9, 2025 Mar 8, 2025 Mar 1, 2025 More from Art, Music, History, and Linguistics Sep 19, 2023 Aug 22, 2024 Nov 27, 2023 Sep 24, 2021 Aug 27, 2024 Jan 18, 2023 Mar 7, 2025 Mar 5, 2025 Feb 27, 2025 Feb 26, 2025 Feb 17, 2025 Feb 12, 2025 Media portrayals of war crimes defendants, such as Dominic Ongwen, reveal differing perceptions of justice between local and international contexts. Ongwen, both a victim and perpetrator, was judged more harshly by his home community than by international audiences. This highlights a gap in media coverage between local and international prosecutions. The study emphasizes the medias role in shaping public understanding of war crimes and the tension between local and international justice systems. This summary was automatically generated using LLM. Full disclaimer Use this form if you have come across a typo, inaccuracy or would like to send an edit request for the content on this page. For general inquiries, please use our contact form. For general feedback, use the public comments section below please adhere to guidelines. Please select the most appropriate category to facilitate processing of your request Thank you for taking time to provide your feedback to the editors. Your feedback is important to us. However, we do not guarantee individual replies due to the high volume of messages. Your email address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the email. Neither your address nor the recipients address will be used for any other purpose. The information you enter will appear in your e-mail message and is not retained by Phys.org in any form. Get weekly andor daily updates delivered to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time and well never share your details to third parties. More information Privacy policy We keep our content available to everyone. Consider supporting Science Xs mission by getting a premium account. Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Click here to sign in with or Forget Password? Learn more Shanghai Jiao Tong University along with multiple collaborating institutions including the University of Copenhagen and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, have conducted an extensive investigation into microbial ecosystems ... Plants  Animals 1 hour ago 0 17 Researchers from Würzburg have experimentally demonstrated a quantum tornado for the first time by refining an established method. In the quantum semimetal tantalum arsenide TaAs, electrons in momentum space behave like ... Condensed Matter 1 hour ago 0 12 Using the James Webb Space Telescope JWST, astronomers have observed enigmatic rings in the planetary nebula NGC 1514, visible in the mid-infrared band. Results of the new observations, published Feb. 28 on the arXiv pre-print ... Astronomy 3 hours ago 0 36 The brains ability to process information is known to be supported by intricate connections between different neuron populations. A key objective of neuroscience research has been to delineate the processes via which these ... General Physics Mar 9, 2025 0 100 Early diagnosis is crucial in disease prevention and treatment. Many diseases can be identified not just through physical signs and symptoms but also through changes at the cellular and molecular levels. Bio  Medicine 8 minutes ago 0 0 Using a unique field site in the Negev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev geologists have presented the first-ever time-dependent record of drainage divide migration rates. Prof. Liran Goren, her student Elhanan Harel, and ... Earth Sciences 21 minutes ago 0 0 Without plants on land, humans could not live on Earth. From mosses to ferns to grasses to trees, plants are our food, fodder and timber. All this diversity emerged from an algal ancestor that conquered land long ago. The ... Plants  Animals 24 minutes ago 0 0 At ultracold temperatures, interatomic collisions are relatively simple, and their outcome can be controlled using a magnetic field. However, research by scientists led by Prof. Michal Tomza from the Faculty of Physics of ... General Physics 26 minutes ago 0 0 Researchers from the University of Science and Technology of China USTC have unveiled a planar optical device that significantly enhances the capabilities of dark-field microscopy, achieving super-resolution imaging beyond ... Optics  Photonics 37 minutes ago 0 0 Catalytic function and its efficiency play a significant role in industrial reactions, and consistent reforms are made in the methodology to enhance the large-scale synthesis of drugs, polymers, and other desired products. ... Analytical Chemistry 44 minutes ago 0 0 Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Click here to sign in with or Forget Password? Learn more Last update 4 minutes ago General Physics At ultracold temperatures, interatomic collisions are relatively simple, and their outcome can be controlled using a magnetic field. However, research by scientists led by Prof. Michal Tomza from the Faculty of Physics of ... 26 minutes ago 0 0 Ecology As erratic weather upends the seasonal rhythms that crops depend on, farmers in the island nation of Madagascar are feeling the effects but struggle to adapt to the new normal. 1 hour ago 0 0 Using a unique field site in the Negev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev geologists have presented the first-ever time-dependent record of drainage divide migration rates. Prof. ... Using a unique field site in the Negev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev geologists have presented the first-ever time-dependent record of drainage ... Earth Sciences 21 minutes ago 0 0 A research team led by Prof. Hu Weijin from the Institute of Metal Research IMR of the Chinese Academy of Sciences has discovered that single-domain ferroelectric thin films can ... A research team led by Prof. Hu Weijin from the Institute of Metal Research IMR of the Chinese Academy of Sciences has discovered that single-domain ... Condensed Matter 55 minutes ago 0 0 In 1907, the English author and mathematician Henry Ernest Dudeney posed a puzzle Can any equilateral triangle be cut into as few pieces as possible that will fit together to form ... In 1907, the English author and mathematician Henry Ernest Dudeney posed a puzzle Can any equilateral triangle be cut into as few pieces as possible ... Mathematics 1 hour ago 0 14 Early diagnosis is crucial in disease prevention and treatment. Many diseases can be identified not just through physical signs and symptoms but also through changes at the cellular and molecular levels. Bio  Medicine 8 minutes ago 0 0 Electronic devices rely on materials whose electrical properties change with temperature, making them less stable in extreme conditions. A discovery by McGill University researchers that challenges conventional wisdom in ... Condensed Matter 46 minutes ago 0 0 Researchers from the University of Science and Technology of China USTC have unveiled a planar optical device that significantly enhances the capabilities of dark-field microscopy, achieving super-resolution imaging beyond ... Optics  Photonics 37 minutes ago 0 0 Without plants on land, humans could not live on Earth. From mosses to ferns to grasses to trees, plants are our food, fodder and timber. All this diversity emerged from an algal ancestor that conquered land long ago. The ... Plants  Animals 24 minutes ago 0 0 Hemorrhagesevere heavy bleedingand hypertensive disorders like preeclampsia are the leading causes of maternal deaths globally, according to a new study released today by the World Health Organization WHO. Health 1 hour ago 0 0 The human gut is home to trillions of bacteria that play vital roles in digestion, immunity, and overall health. When this microbial balance is disturbed, it can contribute to the development of chronic diseases like ulcerative ... Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes 41 minutes ago 0 0 Solid tumors often provide a challenging environment for the T cells of our immune system. By reprogramming the metabolism of T cells, scientists at the VIB-KU Leuven Center for Cancer Biology and their collaborators demonstrated ... Immunology 1 hour ago 0 0 The severity of symptoms in posttraumatic stress disorder PTSD varies greatly across individuals in the first year after trauma and it remains difficult to predict whether someone might worsen, improve, or recover. Psychology  Psychiatry 6 minutes ago 0 0 Engineers and scientists are using simulation for electric vehicle RD and design optimization. See 5 examples in this ebook. Find out how ACS can accelerate your research to keep up with the discoveries that are pushing us into sciences next frontier 1 hour ago 0 1 hour ago 0 2 hours ago 0 2 hours ago 0 2 hours ago 0 Zeolites, crystalline materials widely used in the petrochemical industry, serve as pivotal catalysts in the production of fine chemicals, with aluminum being the source of active sites within zeolite structures. A research ... Analytical Chemistry 57 minutes ago 0 0 Catalytic function and its efficiency play a significant role in industrial reactions, and consistent reforms are made in the methodology to enhance the large-scale synthesis of drugs, polymers, and other desired products. ... Analytical Chemistry 44 minutes ago 0 0 Shanghai Jiao Tong University along with multiple collaborating institutions including the University of Copenhagen and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, have conducted an extensive investigation into microbial ecosystems ... Plants  Animals 1 hour ago 0 17 Not long after the first flu shot was introduced in 1945 by University of Michigan virologist Thomas Francis and his co-researcher, Jonas Salk who would later garner worldwide fame as developer of the first polio vaccine, ... Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes 1 hour ago 0 36 Researchers from Würzburg have experimentally demonstrated a quantum tornado for the first time by refining an established method. In the quantum semimetal tantalum arsenide TaAs, electrons in momentum space behave like ... Condensed Matter 1 hour ago 0 12 MIT aerospace engineers have found that greenhouse gas emissions are changing the environment of near-Earth space in ways that, over time, will reduce the number of satellites that can sustainably operate there. Space Exploration 1 hour ago 0 0 Researchers at the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus have successfully developed a supercharged iteration of CAR-T cell therapy that can enhance the effectiveness and longevity of the cells, particularly against ... Oncology  Cancer 1 hour ago 0 0 Surviving extreme conditions in nature is no easy feat. Many species of mammals rely on special adaptations called daily torpor and hibernation to endure periods of scarcity. These states of dormancy are marked by a significant ... Medical research 1 hour ago 0 0 Phase transitions, like water freezing into ice, are a familiar part of our world. But in quantum systems, they can behave even more dramatically, with quantum properties such as Heisenberg uncertainty playing a central role. ... Superconductivity 1 hour ago 0 0 National Institutes of Health researchers have mapped how individual neurons in the primary somatosensory cortex receive brain-wide presynaptic inputs that encode behavioral states, refining our understanding of cortical ... Neuroscience 2 hours ago 0 30 Victim, perpetrator, witness The news medias depictions of political violence frequently involve the assignment of specificand easily understandableroles. But when those roles become muddled, the medias framing of ... Its a difficult period for the feminist movement. Space has opened up in public life for people who argue, very loudly, that efforts to level the playing field for women have come at the expense of men. Studies show that people-pleasingwhen someone devalues their own ideas to uphold those of othersis more common in women than men. And the social pressure for girls to follow the status quo takes root as early as preschool, ... Women and girls are disproportionately affected by the climate crisis. They are more likely to suffer health consequences as a result of floods, droughts, heat waves, air pollution, wildfires and other environmental disasters. Wikipedia is one of the worlds most influential knowledge platforms. Ranking among the top ten most-visited websites globallyjust after Google and YouTubeit attracts over six billion monthly visits, and offers content ... If you are starting your career today, you will hopefully see evidence of how far gender equality has come at work. You may have experienced little gender difference in educational attainment, see plenty of women leading ... Late last year, a massive ocean swell caused by a low pressure system in the North Pacific generated waves up to 20 meters high, and damaged coastlines and property thousands of kilometers from its source. New Zealand ranks third globally in the proportion of ice lost from glaciers. Almost 30 of ice volume has melted during the past 24 years and what remains is disappearing at an accelerating pace, according to a recent global ... Each cell in your body relies on precise communication with other cells to function properly. At the center of this process are the molecular switches that turn communication signals in the body on and off. These molecules ... US biotechnology company Colossal Laboratories and Biosciences has a radical proposal it wants to resurrect the woolly mammoth from extinction. In a preprint paper published on March 4, scientists at Colossal report making ... Sex workers should be empowered to set boundaries, access justice, and receive specialist support, according to a new study examining sexual violence in the sex industry across four legal jurisdictions. Only 12 of executives with hybrid or fully remote workers say they plan on a return-to-office mandate in the year ahead. Stanford researchers say the message is clear Headline-grabbing mandates to return to in-person work ... About 15 years ago, Glenn Carroll and Jesper Sørensen began teaching a mandatory course for first-year MBA students called Critical Analytical Thinking. It was not a particularly popular course, Carroll recalls. These ... While traditionally laid-off employees have relied on consumer credit and unemployment insurance to maintain consumption, research finds that the gig economy serves as a substitute for many seeking other, more permanent work. When artificial intelligence-backed tractors became available to vineyards, Tom Gamble wanted to be an early adopter. He knew there would be a learning curve, but Gamble decided the technology was worth figuring out. New research on using controlled environment agriculture CEA to grow plants with medicinal properties could lead to production methods that will increase one anti-cancer compound naturally produced by certain species of ... The challenges facing big cities such as Detroit and Cleveland have been widely examined by experts over the decades, as each has dealt with the loss of population and major industries. Research shows that many inmates serving long-term or life sentences continue to cause trouble even behind bars. A University of Mississippi graduate student is looking into what drives those behaviors. New research has revealed that a revamp of a federal website for filing consumer complaints has led to a significant increase in public usage. More to the point, when the Federal Trade Commission FTC conducted a wholesale ... The return to Earth of Boeings Starliner astronauts stuck on the International Space Station inched closer as their replacements arrived to Florida for their relief flight this week. Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement Nature 2025Cite this article 3041 Accesses 81 Altmetric Metrics details The electroluminescence performance of heavy-metal-free blue quantum dot QD light-emitting diodes QLEDs is much lower than that of state-of-the-art cadmium-based counterparts. Ecofriendly ZnSeTe QDs are an ideal alternative to cadmium-based blue QDs1,2, but face issues with colour impurity and inferior stability caused by the aggregated tellurium Ten2 that dominates compositional inhomogeneity3,4. Here we developed an isoelectronic control strategy using congeneric sulfur coordinated with triphenyl phosphite TPP-S to construct homogeneous ZnSeTeS QDs with pure-blue emissions and near-unity photoluminescence quantum yield. TPP with low electron-donating capability promotes the reactivity balance among anionic precursors, favouring the growth of QDs with uniform composition. The acceptor-like S with high electronegativity weakens the hole localization of the Te atoms by interfering with their surrounding carriers, thereby suppressing the formation of Ten2 isoelectronic centres. Furthermore, the congeneric S increases the configurational entropy of the QDs and eliminates the stacking faults and oxygen defects, leading to improved structural stability and reduced non-radiative carrier density. Consequently, the resulting pure-blue QLEDs based on coreshell ZnSeTeSZnSeZnS QDs emitting at 460 nm show a high external quantum efficiency of 24.7, a narrow linewidth of 17 nm, and long operational half-lifetime T50 close to 30,000 hours at 100 cd cm2, rivalling state-of-the-art cadmium-based blue QLEDs. This is a preview of subscription content, access via your institution Access Nature and 54 other Nature Portfolio journals Get Nature, our best-value online-access subscription 24,99   30 days cancel any time Subscribe to this journal Receive 51 print issues and online access 185,98  per year only 3,65  per issue Buy this article Prices may be subject to local taxes which are calculated during checkout The data supporting the findings of this study are available within the article and its Supplementary Information. The source data files are available on figshare at httpsdoi.org10.6084m9.figshare.28166900 ref. 50. Source data are provided with this paper. Kim, T. et al. Efficient and stable blue quantum dot light-emitting diode. Nature 586, 385389 2020. Article CAS PubMed ADS MATH Google Scholar Lee, S.-H. et al. Heterostructural tailoring of blue ZnSeTe quantum dots toward high-color purity and high-efficiency electroluminescence. Chem. Eng. J. 429, 132464 2022. Article CAS Google Scholar Lee, Y. J. et al. Crystallographic and photophysical analysis on facet-controlled defect-free blue-emitting quantum dots. Adv. Mater. 36, 2311719 2024. Article CAS Google Scholar Imran, M. et al. Molecular additive-assisted tellurium homogenization in ZnSeTe quantum dots. Adv. Mater. 35, 2303528 2023. Article CAS MATH Google Scholar Gao, M. et al. Bulk-like ZnSe quantum dots enabling efficient ultranarrow blue light-emitting diodes. Nano Lett. 21, 72527260 2021. Article CAS PubMed ADS Google Scholar Won, Y.-H. et al. Highly efficient and stable InPZnSeZnS quantum dot light-emitting diodes. Nature 575, 634638 2019. Article CAS PubMed ADS MATH Google Scholar Dai, X. et al. Solution-processed, high-performance light-emitting diodes based on quantum dots. Nature 515, 9699 2014. Article CAS PubMed ADS MATH Google Scholar Deng, Y. et al. Solution-processed green and blue quantum-dot light-emitting diodes with eliminated charge leakage. Nat. Photon. 16, 505511 2022. Article CAS ADS MATH Google Scholar Zhang, W. et al. Stable and efficient pure blue quantum-dot LEDs enabled by inserting an anti-oxidation layer. Nat. Commun. 15, 783 2024. Article CAS PubMed PubMed Central ADS MATH Google Scholar Chen, X. et al. Blue light-emitting diodes based on colloidal quantum dots with reduced surfacebulk coupling. Nat. Commun. 14, 284 2023. Article CAS PubMed PubMed Central ADS MATH Google Scholar Han, C.-Y. et al. More than 9 efficient ZnSeTe quantum dot-based blue electroluminescent devices. ACS Energy Lett. 5, 15681576 2020. Article CAS MATH Google Scholar Bi, Y. et al. Reducing emission linewidth of pure-blue ZnSeTe quantum dots through shell engineering toward high color purity light-emitting diodes. Small 19, 2303247 2023. Article CAS Google Scholar Jang, E. P. et al. Synthesis of alloyed ZnSeTe quantum dots as bright, color-pure blue emitters. ACS Appl. Mater. Interfaces 11, 4606246069 2019. Article CAS PubMed Google Scholar Cho, S. et al. Air-stable and environmentally friendly full color-emitting ZnSeTeZnSeZnS quantum dots for display applications. ACS Appl. Nano Mater. 5, 1890518911 2022. Article CAS Google Scholar Chang, J. H. et al. Impact of morphological inhomogeneity on excitons states in highly mismatched alloy ZnSe1xTex nanocrystals. J. Phys. Chem. Lett. 13, 1146411472 2022. Article CAS PubMed Google Scholar Cheng, C. et al. Near-unity quantum yield ZnSeTe quantum dots enabled by controlling shell growth for efficient deep-blue light-emitting diodes. Adv. Funct. Mater. 34, 2313811 2024. Article CAS Google Scholar Smith, A. M., Mohs, A. M.  Nie, S. Tuning the optical and electronic properties of colloidal nanocrystals by lattice strain. Nat. Nanotechnol. 4, 5663 2009. Article CAS PubMed ADS MATH Google Scholar Lin, Y. C. et al. Time-resolved photoluminescence of isoelectronic traps in ZnSe1xTex semiconductor alloys. Appl. Phys. Lett. 93, 241909 2008. Article ADS Google Scholar Sohn, S. H.  Hamakawa, Y. Binding energies of simple isoelectronic impurities in IIVI semiconductors. Phys. Rev. B 46, 94529460 1992. Article CAS ADS MATH Google Scholar Cai, W. et al. Emission mechanism of bright and eco-friendly ZnSeTe quantum dots. Adv. Opt. Mater. 12, 2301970 2023. Article Google Scholar Zheng, Z. et al. Bromide decorated eco-friendly ZnSeTeZnSeZnS quantum dots for efficient blue light-emitting diodes. Adv. Mater. Interfaces 10, 2202241 2022. Article Google Scholar Neumark, G. F., Kuskovsky, I. L.  Jiang, H. Wide Bandgap Light Emitting Materials and Devices Wiley, 2007. Marcet, S., André, R.  Francoeur, S. Excitons bound to Te isoelectronic dyads in ZnSe. Phys. Rev. B 82, 235309 2010. Article ADS Google Scholar Ruberu, T. P. A. et al. Molecular control of the nanoscale effect of phosphinechalcogenide reactivity on CdSCdSe nanocrystal composition and morphology. ACS Nano 6, 53485359 2012. Article CAS PubMed MATH Google Scholar Park, S. H. et al. Investigation of the crystallinity of N and Te codoped Zn-polar ZnO films grown by plasma-assisted molecular-beam epitaxy. J. Appl. Phys. 108, 093518 2010. Article ADS MATH Google Scholar Kang, C. K. et al. Surface passivation by sulfur treatment of undoped p-CdTe 100. J. Appl. Phys. 88, 2013 2000. Article CAS ADS MATH Google Scholar Wu, J. et al. Temperature-dependent recombination dynamics and electroluminescence characteristics of colloidal CdSeZnS coreshell quantum dots. Appl. Phys. Lett. 119, 073303 2021. Article CAS ADS MATH Google Scholar Park, J., Won, Y.-H., Kim, T., Jang, E.  Kim, D. Electrochemical charging effect on the optical properties of InPZnSeZnS quantum dots. Small 16, 2003542 2020. Article CAS MATH Google Scholar Kalytchuk, S., Zhovtiuk, O., Kershaw, S. V., Zbořil, R.  Rogach, A. L. Temperature-dependent exciton and trap-related photoluminescence of CdTe quantum dots embedded in a NaCl matrix implication in thermometry. Small 12, 466476 2016. Article CAS PubMed MATH Google Scholar Jha, P. P.  Guyot-Sionnest, P. Trion decay in colloidal quantum dots. ACS Nano 3, 10111015 2009. Article CAS PubMed MATH Google Scholar Xia, Y. et al. Vertically concentrated quantum wells enabling highly efficient deep-blue perovskite light-emitting diodes. Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 63, e202403739 2024. Article CAS Google Scholar Yang, Y. et al. High-efficiency light-emitting devices based on quantum dots with tailored nanostructures. Nat. Photon. 9, 259266 2015. Article CAS ADS MATH Google Scholar Lee, K.-H. et al. Highly efficient, color-pure, color-stable blue quantum dot light-emitting devices. ACS Nano 7, 72957302 2013. Article CAS PubMed Google Scholar Zhang, X., Li, D., Zhang, Z., Liu, H.  Wang, S. Constructing effective hole transport channels in cross-linked hole transport layer by stacking discotic molecules for high performance deep blue QLEDs. Adv. Sci. 9, 2200450 2022. Article CAS Google Scholar Wang, Y.-K. et al. Self-assembled monolayer-based blue perovskite LEDs. Sci. Adv. 9, eadh2140 2023. Article CAS PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar Cai, F. et al. Defect passivation and electron band energy regulation of a ZnO electron transport layer through synergetic bifunctional surface engineering for efficient quantum dot light-emitting diodes. Nanoscale 15, 1067710684 2023. Article CAS PubMed MATH Google Scholar Yoon, S.-Y. et al. High-efficiency blue and white electroluminescent devices based on non-Cd IIIIVI quantum dots. Nano Energy 63, 103869 2019. Article CAS MATH Google Scholar Li, C. H. A. et al. Mixed RuddlesdenPopper and DionJacobson phase perovskites for stable and efficient blue perovskite LEDs. Adv. Funct. Mater. 33, 2303301 2023. Article CAS Google Scholar Ghorbani, A. et al. Changes in hole and electron injection under electrical stress and the rapid electroluminescence loss in blue quantum-dot light-emitting devices. Small 20, 2304580 2024. Article CAS MATH Google Scholar Jeong, W. H. et al. In situ cadmium surface passivation of perovskite nanocrystals for blue LEDs. J. Mater. Chem. A 9, 2675026757 2021. Article CAS Google Scholar Lee, S. et al. Brightening deep-blue perovskite light-emitting diodes a path to Rec. 2020. Sci. Adv. 10, eadn8465 2024. Article CAS PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar Jiang, K. Y. et al. Efficient deep-blue light-emitting diodes through decoupling of colloidal perovskite quantum dots. Adv. Mater. 36, 2404856 2024. Article Google Scholar Jiang, Y. et al. Synthesis-on-substrate of quantum dot solids. Nature 612, 679684 2022. Article CAS PubMed ADS MATH Google Scholar Zhang, L. et al. Manipulating local lattice distortion for spectrally stable and efficient mixed-halide blue perovskite LEDs. Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 135, e202302184 2023. Article Google Scholar Cai, F. et al. Charge carrier regulation for efficient blue quantum-dot light-emitting diodes via a high-mobility coplanar cyclopentanebthiopyran derivative. Nano Lett. 24, 52845291 2024. Article CAS PubMed PubMed Central ADS MATH Google Scholar Ravel, B.  Newville, M. ATHENA, ARTEMIS, HEPHAESTUS data analysis for X-ray absorption spectroscopy using IFEFFIT. J. Synchrotron Radiat. 12, 537541 2005. Article CAS PubMed Google Scholar Kresse, G.  Joubert, D. From ultrasoft pseudopotentials to the projector augmented-wave method. Phys. Rev. B 59, 17581775 1999. Article CAS ADS MATH Google Scholar Perdew, J. P., Burke, K.  Ernzerhof, M. Generalized gradient approximation made simple. Phys. Rev. Lett. 77, 38653868 1996. Article CAS PubMed ADS Google Scholar Flores, E. M., Moreira, M. L.  Piotrowski, M. J. Structural and electronic properties of bulk ZnX XO, S, Se, Te, ZnF2, and ZnOZnF2 a DFT investigation within PBE, PBEU, and hybrid HSE functionals. J. Phys. Chem. A 124, 37783785 2020. Article CAS PubMed Google Scholar Wu, Q. et al. Datasets for Homogeneous ZnSeTeS quantum dots for efficient and stable pure blue LEDs. figshare httpsdoi.org10.6084m9.figshare.28166900 2025. Download references We acknowledge financial support from the Key Research and Development Program of China 2022YFB3602902 and 2024YFB3612404, the National Natural Science Foundation of China 62174104, 61804063 and 62404131, the Program of Shanghai AcademicTechnology Research Leader 22XD1421200, the Shanghai Natural Science Foundation 23ZR1423300, the Shuguang Program of Shanghai Education Development Foundation, the Shanghai Municipal Education Commission number 22SG40, the China Postdoctoral Science Foundation 2023M742197 and 2023M742198 and the Australian Research Council ARC Future Fellowship Scheme GFT210100509. We thank the accelerator scientists and the staff of beamlines BL4B7A at BSRF, BL16U1at SSRF for providing the beam time and User Experiment Assist System of SSRF for their help. These authors contributed equally Qianqian Wu, Fan Cao Key Laboratory of Advanced Display and System Applications of Ministry of Education, Shanghai University, Shanghai, Peoples Republic of China Qianqian Wu, Fan Cao, Wenke Yu, Sheng Wang, Jianhua Zhang  Xuyong Yang TCL Research, Shenzhen, Peoples Republic of China Wenjun Hou, Zizhe Lu  Weiran Cao State Key Laboratory of Integrated Optoelectronics, Key Laboratory of Automobile Materials of MOE, School of Materials Science and Engineering, Jilin University, Changchun, Peoples Republic of China Jiaqi Zhang  Xiaoyu Zhang Shanghai Synchrotron Radiation Facility SSRF, Zhangjiang Lab, Shanghai Advanced Research Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai, Peoples Republic of China Yingguo Yang School of Microelectronics, Fudan University, Shanghai, Peoples Republic of China Yingguo Yang School of Molecular and Life Sciences, Curtin University, Perth, Western Australia, Australia Guohua Jia Shanghai Engineering Research Center for Integrated Circuits and Advanced Display Materials, Shanghai, Peoples Republic of China Xuyong Yang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar X.Y. conceived the idea and supervised the work. Q.W., F.C. and S.W. performed most of the synthesis and characterizations of the QDs. G.J. performed the high-angle annular dark-field scanning transmission electron microscopy measurements. Q.W., W.Y., W.H., Z.L. and W.C. carried out the device fabrication and characterizations. Y.Y. carried out the X-ray absorption spectroscopy measurements and directed the data analysis. F.C. and Q.W. wrote the paper, which was revised by X.Z., Jiaqi Zhang, Jianhua Zhang and X.Y. All authors discussed the results and commented on the paper. Correspondence to Jiaqi Zhang, Jianhua Zhang or Xuyong Yang. The authors declare no competing interests. Nature thanks Peter Reiss and the other, anonymous, reviewers for their contribution to the peer review of this work Publishers note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations. PL spectra of ZnSeTe cores with various combinations of anionic precursors. Different emissive components were assigned to Ten1 and Ten2 ICs. The third Gaussian curve is caused by the PL emission from higher-order Te ICs. Source Data a, d, Experimental Zn K-edge XANES spectra. b, e, Fourier-transformed k-space and c, f, R-space of the experimental Zn K-edge EXAFS signals and fitting curves. The Zn K-edge for both samples show apparent peaks around 2 Å and the same coordination number of 4, which are assigned to the Zn-Se scattering. Source Data a, Te 3 d of QD-1 core film measured depth profile with different etch times. b, Te 3 d left and S 2p right of QD-2 core film measured depth profile with different etch times. c, The relative atomic content of Te and S atoms in QD-1 and QD-2 cores as a function of etching depth. Source Data a, TEM image of QD-2 core. Scale bar, 10 nm. b, TEM images and a selected-area diffraction SAED pattern of CSS QD-2. Scale bar, 50 nm in the left and 2 nm in the bottom right corner. The average sizes of QD-2 cores and CSS QD-2 are 4.1  0.5 nm and 10.5  1.0 nm, respectively. A clear SAED pattern between the 220 and 311 diffraction planes and lattice distance of 0.32 nm in 111 plane suggest good nucleation and shell growth of QD-2. c, EDS mapping images of Zn, Se, and S elements for CSS QD-2. Source Data PL spectra of CSS QD-2 with an optimal S content of 3 as a function of various TeSeTeS ratios. CTe, from 1 mol to 10 mol. Inset, photograph of QD-2 solutions under UV excitation. Source Data ad, EL spectra a, J-L-V b, EQE-J c, and T50 lifetime d curves of ZnSeTeS-based devices at the EL peak of 468 nm. Source Data Supplementary Figs. 113 and Tables 14. Springer Nature or its licensor e.g. a society or other partner holds exclusive rights to this article under a publishing agreement with the authors or other rightsholders author self-archiving of the accepted manuscript version of this article is solely governed by the terms of such publishing agreement and applicable law. Reprints and permissions Wu, Q., Cao, F., Yu, W. et al. Homogeneous ZnSeTeS quantum dots for efficient and stable pure-blue LEDs. Nature 2025. httpsdoi.org10.1038s41586-025-08645-4 Download citation Received 03 September 2024 Accepted 14 January 2025 Published 05 March 2025 DOI httpsdoi.org10.1038s41586-025-08645-4 Anyone you share the following link with will be able to read this content Sorry, a shareable link is not currently available for this article. Provided by the Springer Nature SharedIt content-sharing initiative Advertisement Nature Nature ISSN 1476-4687 online ISSN 0028-0836 print  2025 Springer Nature Limited Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter  what matters in science, free to your inbox daily.

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement Springer Nature Limited The Campus 4 Crinan Street London N1 9XW United Kingdom Tel 44-02078334000 Email customerservicespringernature.com Registered in England and Wales under Company No 785998 GB199440621 Harsh Jegadeesan Steven Inchcoombe Rachel Jacobs We do not engage in out-of-court settlements before consumer arbitration bodies. However, under the regulation EU 5242013 we are obliged to inform you that the European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution, which is available at httpsec.europa.euconsumersodr Nature Info  2025 Springer Nature Limited

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement For Authors For Authors A central resource for author services offered by Nature and Nature Portfolio journals. Access our journals, their impact factors and editorial scope. Find author and submission information and benefits for published Nature journal authors. Listed here are the journals published by Nature Portfolio for scientific communities and societies. Publishing in the Nature journals or other Nature Portfolio journals brings a wide range of author benefits. A brief guide to writing for Nature Portfolio journals. A description of the Nature Portfolio publishing and editorial processes. About Nature Portfolios manuscript transfer service for authors. About the Nature press office and the benefits it provides for authors, their funders, their employers and their institutions. Guidance on how authors can meet the OA policy requirements of their funders and institutions when publishing their research articles. Nature Portfolio journals are indexed by many abstracting and indexing services. How to order author reprints. Information on how to re-use material published by Nature Portfolio. Nature Portfolio  2025 Springer Nature Limited

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement For Referees For Referees All you need to know when peer reviewing a manuscript for Nature. Please read this section before submitting a report. Guidance on writing an informative referee report in accordance with the requirements of the editors of Nature. Information on how to submit your referee report to the editors of Nature. Information on your involvement as peer reviewer in the revision process, and on feedback from the editors of Nature. Nature Nature ISSN 1476-4687 online ISSN 0028-0836 print  2025 Springer Nature Limited

