That is a resourding no -- print is not going away! In fact, we are investing in the print edition to ensure were able to continue to deliver the high quality journalism that you expect from SI. Our print subscribers make up the core of the SI membership family and we will continue to feed your appetite for smart, informed stories that take you inside the world of sports. SI returns to its regular monthly publishing schedule beginning with the Summer Olympics Preview, which will be on newsstands and in subscriber mailboxes beginning June 27 click here to purchase. We look forward to publishing an issue every month after that, including two Double Issues in 2024 the Olympics Preview and the NFL  College Football Preview. Earlier this year Minute Media became our publishing partner, taking over all SI editorial operations for the magazine and our digital products. Unfortunately the handover process took a bit longer than we had anticipated and as a result we werent able to provide an update until now. However, throughout this period of transtiion, the Minute Media and SI teams have worked tirelessly to ensure that our print operations will run smoothly from now on. Our first issue with Minute Media will be our Summer Olympics Preview Double Issue, which is being released on June 27. Absolutely not! We still have an amazing team of writers, photographers, and editors with decades of experience between them. With Sports Illustrated celebrating its 70th anniversary this year, were committed -- now more than ever -- to producing quality, first-in-class content. We will continue to cover your favorite sports from all angles -- through thoughtful articles, compelling video, striking photography and much more. With Minute Media as our new publishing partner, we are gearing up for a bright future of even more expansive digital coverage. As with Sports Illustrated, SI Kids is alive and well in print. We will continue to publish SI Kids six times a year, with the next issue due in homes between July 20 and July 24. Having just celebrated its 60th anniversary issue and the launch of its digital cover with Alix Earle, SI Swimsuit will continue to create the content fans are looking for -- in print and online. In the weeks to come, FanNation will become On SI. Featuring the localized, team-specific coverage fans crave, On SI will give users a chance to go a layer deeper in their fandom. Working alongside the national coverage of SI.com, On SI allows users to engage with content about their hometown teams, favorite players and key storylines.  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

Bill Belichicks hire at UNC came as a massive surprise and the football world could barely believe its eyes when the news broke in December. It turns out the Tar Heels had their eyes on another NFL coach to succeed Mack Brown before Belichick came into play. In a lengthy exposé detailing how the talks to hire Belichick unfolded, ESPN reported UNC AD Bubba Cunningham had Pittsburgh Steelers offensive coordinator Arthur Smith in mind to take over the football program before Browns departure became official. In truth, however, Cunningham had his sights set on another former NFL head coach -- former UNC player and current Pittsburgh Steelers offensive coordinator Arthur Smith, the report reads. Cunningham first reached out to Smith in early November, simply to gauge his interest in a job that was not yet officially open. No interviews took place, though the two sides kept in touch. Smith was intrigued, and he was seen as a consensus candidate at UNC, with support from Roberts and board members. They were all hopeful they could lure Smith back to Chapel Hill, and then whether it was Belichick or anybody else, it would have been a moot point. Smith is who they wanted, one source said. Smith reportedly grew uncomfortable with the process as UNC had reached out before an official decision had been made on the incumbent Brown. At that point the search widened and Belichicks name grew more popular with the university board members. The rest, as they say, is history. its an interesting sliding doors moment. Belichick took the UNC job before the NFL hiring cycle really began. If the Tar Heels had chosen Smith instead of Belichick, would he have ended up coaching an NFL team again? Its impossible to say but fascinating to wonder about. What could have been. Instead, Belichick will undergo his first college season as a head coach while Smith prepares to scheme the Steelers offense again in 2025. feed Liam McKeone is a senior writer for the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated. He has been in the industry as a content creator since 2017, and prior to joining SI in May 2024, McKeone worked for NBC Sports Boston and The Big Lead. In addition to his work as a writer, he has hosted the Press Pass Podcast covering sports media and The Big Stream covering pop culture. A graduate of Fordham University, he is always up for a good debate and enjoys loudly arguing about sports, rap music, books and video games. McKeone has been a member of the National Sports Media Association since 2020. Follow liam_mckeone  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

Longtime Boston Red Sox first baseman and 1995 American League MVP Mo Vaughn used human growth hormone in an attempt to prolong his MLB career, he told The Athletics Ken Rosenthal in a recent exclusive sit-down interview. I was trying to do everything I could, the now-57-year-old explained. I knew I had a bad, degenerative knee. I was shooting HGH in my knee. Whatever I could do to help the process... EXCLUSIVE Mo Vaughn told The Athletic that he used human growth hormone in an effort to extend his career, confirming for the first time information disclosed in 2007 in the Mitchell Report.More from Ken_Rosenthal httpst.co1s9IcZgs6e pic.twitter.com6HiaXQN3H2 Vaughn was one of 89 players listed in the infamous 2007 Mitchell Reportan independent investigation that shed light on the leagues widespread use of anabolic steroids and human growth hormone. The report indicated that Vaughn made three separate payments to former MLB bat boy and clubhouse employee Kirk Radomski, a critical witness in the investigation, in exchange for HGH in 2001. HGH was not banned by the MLB until 2005. Vaughn played 12 seasons from 1991 to 2003 with the Red Sox 91 to 98, the Anaheim Angels 99 to 00, and the New York Mets 02 to 03. He was named an American League All-Star three times 95, 96, 98, and in his 95 AL MVP-winning season, he won the Silver Slugger Award and was the ALs RBI leader with 126. Vaughn was inducted into the Red Sox Hall of Fame in 2008. feed Mike Kadlick is a contributor to the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated. Before joining SI in November 2024, he covered the New England Patriots for WEEI sports radio in Boston and continues to do so for CLNS Media. He has a masters in public relations from Boston University. Kadlick is also an avid runner and a proud lover of all things pizza. Follow mikekadlick  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

Ben Steiner is an American-Canadian journalist who brings in-depth experience, having covered the North American national teams, MLS, CPL, NWSL, NSL and Liga MX for prominent outlets, including MLSsoccer.com, CBC Sports, and OneSoccer. Lionel Messi returned to the matchday squad for Inter Miami but did not feature in the match Lionel Messi is expected to return to Miamis squad after missing matches in MLS and the Concacaf Champions Cup. Five MLS clubs have won both of their matches so far this season, but how many will be perfect after this weekend? Seattle Sounders havent quite found their scoring touch and come up against LAFC, the best defensive team in MLS. Lionel Messi and Inter Miami clash with Wilfried Zahas Charlotte FC, Seattle face LAFC, a Canadian Derby and much more on offer on Matchday 3. New York City FC host Orlando City SC in a rematch of their first clash as expansion teams in 2015. Lionel Messi is expected to return as Inter Miami CF welcome Wilfried Zahas Charlotte FC to Chase Stadium on Sunday. Lionel Messi and Inter Miami CF have high hopes in a competition often dominated by Liga MX clubs.  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

The Panthers re-signed Jaycee Horn to a record cornerback contract, and the Chargers brought back Khalil Mack on a fully guaranteed one-year deal. The Dodgers manager loves his job and is historically good at it. So why doesnt L.A. love Dave Roberts back? The Dodgers manager loves his job and is historically good at it. So why doesnt L.A. love Dave Roberts back? Myles Garrett, Josh Allen and Saquon Barkley were all rewarded, while several teams now regret past moves. Here are things to keep in mind as a flurry of news arrives this week. In the last decade, starting pitchers have suffered more injuries and become more disposable. But a three-time Cy Young winner says MLB should start upping the rules. The contracts do more than make two of the best players in the NFL richer. Plus, more on the Geno Smith trade, Sam Darnolds situation and Myles Garretts record-breaking deal as free agency officially kicks off this week. The future Hall of Fame guard will help out his alma mater. The Titans have added one of the top left tackles in the AFC in free agency. Sports Illustrateds Peter Dewey breaks down his favorite bets for the NBA action on Monday, March 10, including a pick for Mikal Bridges. Mo Vaughn played 13 seasons for the Red Sox, Angels, and Mets. Jan. 20 is a meaningful day for the Buckeyes coach.  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

Auburn, despite losing back-to-back games to end the season, is still on pace for the No. 1 overall seed in the NCAA tournament. After a dominant run through the SEC, the Tigers have lost their last two games. Will they bounce back as the top seed in the conference tournament? St. Johns picked up its first conference title in decades this season while UConn stumbled to the finish line. Kansas, which was ranked No. 1 to start the season, struggled late in the conference schedule but won on Sunday against No. 24 Arizona. The Spartans enter Big Ten tournament play on a seven-game winning streak that includes five wins over ranked teams. Can anyone stop Cooper Flagg and Duke? Curry will be the first active pro player to take on an administration job in the NCAA. Auburn remains the clear-cut No. 1 overall seed and Duke seems like a lock, but the other two spots are up for grabs heading into conference tournament week. Just days before Selection Sunday, the SEC appears likely to eclipse the record of 11 NCAA tournament bids from a single league. That creates a multitude of challenges for the tourney selection committee. Loucks played for outgoing Seminoles coach Leonard Hamilton from 2008-12, making the NCAA tournament in each of his four seasons. SIUE is one of three first-timers in the NCAA tournament, along with Omaha and High Point. Keatts coached the Wolfpack to three NCAA tournament bids during his six seasons in Raleigh and advanced to the Final Four in 2024. Few teams have bulldozed their way to an ACC regular-season title quite as convincingly as this years Blue Devils. Sears game-winner overshadowed 34 points, eight rebounds and five blocks from Auburns Johni Broome. The Crimson Crane has been a point of taunting for the past few years in sports throughout the Alabama-Auburn rivalry. The Red Storm will enter the Big East tournament as the top seed for the first time since 1986. Eaglestaff is the fifth player in Summit League history with a 50-point game and it was the fourth in school history. Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SIs Pat Forde break down Bill Belichicks first spring practice as head coach of UNC Football, react to the latest NIL-centric congressional hearing and recap the record-breaking 23-run inning from the George Mason baseball team. The Bulldogs have been one of the biggest surprises of this college basketball season. Howd they do it? By hiring a Division II coach and bringing on a slew of his players to face the big boys of D-I. College basketball players can make more than ever, especially stars like Cooper Flagg. But even he would be ill-advised to not turn pro after this season. Lucas will be introduced as Miamis next coach on March 10. He will not coach Duke in the NCAA tournament. Is Florida in the drivers seat for a No. 1 seed after a high-stakes night in SEC play? The Aggies entered Tuesdays contest on a four-game losing skid and seemed well out of reach of the top group in the SEC. The Crimson Tide have been through a gauntlet in the SEC this season. Can they finish strong against two of its top teams and earn a top seed in the NCAA tournament? Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz  Ice Young break down which mens and womens bubble teams still have a legitimate shot at a NCAA tournament bid. Some analysts are wondering if a 6-foot-3 guard from Michigan State might climb higher than anticipated. Flagg finished with 28 points, eight rebounds, seven assists, three blocks and two steals in a blowout of Wake Forest in Dukes home finale. Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SIs Pat Forde react to reports that the ACC is nearing a settlement with Clemson  Florida State and break down how the agreement could impact the whole of the college football landscape. The final week of the regular season is here. Implausible? Well, considering Auburn has marched through an all-time great SEC nearly unblemished, no. Alabama squandered its chance at a game-winning shot after committing a 5-second violation. The Red Raiders beat Kansas 78-73 as KU lost its third home game of the season. The broadcast cut out abruptly as Auburns Johni Broome spun for a layup with just over 12 minutes to go in the second half. There is basically no easier way to get caught making illegal bets. In a little over two weeks, the 68-team NCAA tournament field will be revealed. Here are the biggest questions to be answered between now and then. Tre Holloman shot this from behind the logo. The Privateers hold just a 4-25 record and are tied for last in the Southland Conference. Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SIs Pat Forde discuss the latest news from the CFP Management Committee on impending changes to both the 2025  2026 playoff structure. Jai Lucas is reportedly set to take over as Miamis head coach next season. Few colleges wanted Johni Broome. Now hes Cooper Flaggs only challenger as college basketballs best player. The Bulldogs held a 26-point lead at one point on Tuesday night. Basketballs story cannot be told without Sonny Vaccaro, whose impact on the game covers everyone from Michael Jordan to LeBron James. The revelation comes at a time when North Carolina is in jeopardy of missing the NCAA tournament for the second time in three seasons. Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz  Ice Young react to all the college basketball action from last weekend and give their Power Hour Power Rankings of the Womens Wooden Award favorites. The Utes were on pace to miss the NCAA tournament for a fourth season under Craig Smith this spring. Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SIs Pat Forde are back with part II of their SEC coaches pressure index for the 2025 college football season. Neither the Jayhawks nor the Huskies are ranked anymore with March right around the corner. IU Indianapolis athletic director Luke Bosso described the incident to Yahoo Sports as scary and chaotic. A-Rod went off the glass to win a massive prize for a Bucknell student on Sunday afternoon. Arizona athletic director Desiree Reed-Francois said,The chant is not reflective of who we are and should not have happened.

Le Classique arrives this weekend without the same fanfare that met it at the start of the season. Back in October, the clash between Frances two most successful football clubs was a hotly anticipa... Thibaut Courtois has been an excellent player for Real Madrid since joining the Spanish capital club from Chelsea in the summer of 2018.The 32-year-old Belgian shot-stopper has been integral to the su... Olympique de Marseilles Amine Gouiri has won the UNFP Player of the Month award for February. The Algerian was one of three nominees for the award and finished ahead of Paris Saint-Germain duo Ousm...

