The promise of zero-carbon shipping has been delayed until at least 2026 Did Intels great leap end in a splat? Did solar geoengineering take off? It highlights the role engineers play in fostering sustainability Outpace design complexity with shift-left design rule checking methods Study finds methane rises in small ponds, but adverse impacts are easy to mitigate Startup secures 16 million to deploy PFAS-busting tech for wastewater A new solvent can dissolve perovskite photovoltaics with 99 percent efficiency SoCal Edison has been testing fault neutralizers for years Trump admins funding freeze includes a 1.8B loan for Hydrostors California project The first mass-produced hybrid EV is an IEEE milestone The process requires no external power to produce the green energy fuel Westinghouse and Radiant are developing some of the worlds smallest reactors They also discussed policy and citizen engagement Anybodys airplane, robotaxi rides, Moores Law machines, and more Unpacking the complexities of energy system transition Chinas demo reactor could breed nuclear fuel from rare earth waste These companies are trying to make the oceans a better carbon sink

Heres how AI agents work, why people are jazzed about them, and what risks they hold Spectrum explains large language models, the transformer architecture, and how it all works Outpace design complexity with shift-left design rule checking methods Heres a primer on how these increasingly popular heatingand coolingmachines work Skip the heady and abstract physics lectures. Lets talk about socks Why is 5G only a problem for planes in the U.S.? Inside the neural networks that power todays AI Heres whats going to happen when the space agencys latest rover arrives at Mars Unpacking the complexities of energy system transition From virtual wallets to hashes and nonces, follow Alices payment to Bob, and learn how bitcoins change hands

AI agents from OpenAI, Anthropic, and Google want to lighten your load DeepComputing PCs aim to elbow out Arm and x86 architectures Once popular in Japan, MiniDiscs, MiniDV, and blank Blu-Rays are out Outpace design complexity with shift-left design rule checking methods The first certified devices were shown at CES 2025 The system can do real-time speech-to-speech translation in 101 languages Expanding display rolls out with the touch of a button Six intriguing gadgets I hope to see at this years event Re-buttonization, Metas pricey AR glasses, and the story of the first Fitbit The prototype dampens the jostling of items inside it Heres your guide to how the incoming administration will impact tech A synthetic e-skin uses capacitance to detect nearby objects FeFET array enables homomorphic encryption in battery-powered devices Researchers turn off a noisy world to help users tune in to nearby conversations Unpacking the complexities of energy system transition Lickable devices could make for flavorful extended-reality environments PhotoBot works with users to bring their imagination to life

Experts say proposed deal with U.S. makes no sense Glenn Zorpette is editorial director for content development at IEEE Spectrum. The purpose of the now notorious meeting between president Donald J. Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on 28 February was to finalize an agreement on critical minerals, including rare earths. When a seemingly routine Oval Office press conference degenerated into a shouting match on 28 February, the world looked on in astonishment. That is, except for actual experts in rare earths and other critical materials, who understood all along that the proposed deal that motivated the press conference was nonsensical and could only be viewed as political theater. The meeting was supposed to announce an agreement under which Ukraine would provide U.S. companies with access to critical minerals deposits in exchange for the tens of billions of dollars in military aid already provided by the U.S. government. According to the Center for Strategic and International Studies, the agreement would have established a reconstruction investment fund with joint U.S. and Ukraine ownership. Ukraine will contribute 50 percent of all revenues earned from the future monetization of all Ukrainian government-owned natural resource assets into the fund. Ukraine has substantial reserves or deposits of lithium, graphite, manganese, titanium, gallium, and nickel. However, in describing the proposed deal, president Donald J. Trump and other principals quickly zeroed in on the rare earths, for which the US has for years been spending billions of dollars in an attempt to secure stable supplies. The Trump administration, like those before it, seems to grasp the importance of these materials. At his confirmation hearing, Secretary of State Marco Rubio said, If we stay on the road were on right now, in less than 10 years, virtually everything that matters to us in life will depend on whether China will allow us to have it or not  They have come to dominate the critical-mineral industry supplies throughout the world. The Ukraine rare-earths deal now seems endangered, to put it mildly. But its apparent failureand the way it failedis revealing of how the Trump administration is likely to pursue supplies of strategically vital rare earths and other critical materials in the context of trade and international policies that are freezing out not just China but also longtime economic and military allies, while welcoming a longstanding adversary, Russia. China dominates production of numerous critical metals and minerals, but none so completely as the rare earths. More than 95 percent of industrially useful rare-earth metals are produced by China, creating supply-chain and national-security vulnerabilities that the U.S. and other countries have been attempting to ameliorate for more than a decade. To begin with, the contentious 28 February Oval Office meeting cant be understood without a crucial piece of context there are no deposits of rare-earth ore in Ukraine known to be minable in an economically viable way. And that would be true even if full-scale warfare were not raging in the countrys east, where a great deal of its mineral resources are concentrated. Ukraine is believed to have four areas with substantial deposits of rare earth ores, according to Erik Jonsson, senior geologist with the Geological Survey of Sweden. There are four slightly bigger deposits Yastrubetske, Novopoltavske, Azovske, and Mazurivske. All but one of them seem to be now within or near the zone that the Russians control, as far as I can tell, says Jonsson. And when it comes to resources in those deposits, I mean, we have numbers yes, thats nice. But we have no real, detailed, outline of how those numbers were arrived at. The numbers are believed to come from Soviet surveys dating as far back as the 1960s. The rare-earth deposits dont look that relevant, Jonsson concludes. I mean, I wouldnt go for them. Two of the deposits are dominated by a mineral called britholite, he notes, which is not desirable because it has not been processed for rare earths, which means that almost nothing exists in the way of process chemistry and equipment. Rare-earth compounds take on a variety of colors, as shown with these oxides of clockwise from top center praseodymium, cerium, lanthanum, neodymium, samarium and gadolinium.Peggy Greb If you want critical minerals, Ukraine aint the place to look for them, declares Jack Lifton, executive chairman of the Critical Minerals Institute. Its a fantasy. Theres no point to any of this. Theres some other agenda going on here. I cant believe that anybody in Washington actually believes that it makes sense to get rare earths in Ukraine. Even without a war to contend with, it would take at least 15 years to build a mine to begin extracting rare-earth ore on a large scale, Lifton notes. And according to the terms of the draft critical materials deal, private companies would have to invest huge sums, likely a billion dollars or more, to develop rare-earths mines in Ukraine. Its a possibility that Lifton, an IEEE member and former metals trader, dismisses as absurd. He notes that a multinational mining company, Rio Tinto Group, has spent close to US 3 billion on potential mine sites in Arizona and Alaska and still does not have the necessary licenses and permits from the U.S. Government to begin building a mine in either place. The proposed U.S.-Ukraine critical minerals deal was so unmoored from the realities of the mining industry that it has some observers wondering what was actually behind it. The White House press office did not respond to IEEE Spectrums messages seeking comment on its rare earths strategy. One theory was that Trump, ignorant of the details of rare earth mining, was simply approaching the situation as a businessman might, looking for a favorable deal. I doubt very much that President Trump cares about rare earths, says Lifton. Hes being told theyre important. Hes operating as a pure businessman. In any case, the administrations future strategy on rare earths is likely to deviate greatly from that of the Biden administration. Under Biden, the U.S. Department of Defense funded companies in allied countries, notably Lynas Rare Earths of Perth, Australia and Vacuumschmelze A.G. of Hanau, Germany, to begin building rare-earth and related facilities in the U.S. But such a strategy seems dubious now, in view of the Trump administrations increasingly contentious relationships with Americas traditional allies, its America First ethos, and its systematic repudiation of all Biden-era initiatives. If you want critical minerals, Ukraine aint the place to look for them. Jack Lifton, Critical Minerals Institute Here, some have made a connection to Trumps repeatedly stated interest in acquiring Canada and Greenlandboth of which are known to have enormous reserves of rare-earth and other critical metals and minerals. One way or the other, he said of acquiring Greenland, in his address to the U.S. Congress on 4 March. Trump seems interested in territorial expansion, notes Melissa Sanderson, a board member of the mining exploration company American Rare Earths and a former U.S. Foreign Service officer in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. And, intriguingly, a couple of years ago, a major Canadian rare-earths company, Neo Performance Materials, announced that it was exploring a potential rare-earths mine sitein Greenland. But annexing Greenland wouldnt do much to solve the United States rare-earths problem, because there is a reason why Greenlands abundant natural resources have not been heavily developed. Greenland is an exceptionally difficult area in which to mine, says Sanderson. Temperatures, snow, ice, etcetera. And of course, in the spring, such as it is, there are oceans of mud. The initial investment would be absolutely huge because of the logistical issues, says Jonsson. You would basically have to start with building a complete deepwater harbor just to build the foundations of the mines. Under the Biden administration, Sanderson explains, there was a whole global structure that was dictated by an understanding of, as far as the West goes, where the knowledge is, where the capability already is, where the experience already is, and who are our closest allies. Under the current administration, thats all being wiped away by tariffs and other factors. Noting that Neo Performance Materials, based in Canada, already operates rare-earth processing facilities, Sanderson asks, Who in their right mind is going to have the Canadians process rare earths for them and then bring them back into the United States with an additional tariff on top of it when were already uncompetitive in the West? One of the problems with the administration, Sanderson adds, is not understanding why theres an international structure for the mining industry. Why theres no one country in the West thats doing it all. The U.S. government lacks perspective on critical minerals sourcing, adds Lifton. Because of that lack, its acquisition policies are misguided. The irony isnt lost on Sanderson that the United States, too, has substantial deposits of rare earth ore, in California, Alaska, Wyoming, Georgia, and Texas, among other places. He Trump is discounting what we have within our borders. The unanswerable question, at the moment, is why? Glenn Zorpette is editorial director for content development at IEEE Spectrum. A Fellow of the IEEE, he holds a bachelors degree in electrical engineering from Brown University.

Rachel Plotnicks re-buttonization expertise is in demand Touchscreen controls in some new car models are being replaced by conventional knobs and buttons. Tactile controls are back in vogue. Apple added two new buttons to the iPhone 16, home appliances like stoves and washing machines are returning to knobs, and several car manufacturers are reintroducing buttons and dials to dashboards and steering wheels. With this re-buttonization, as The Wall Street Journal describes it, demand for Rachel Plotnicks expertise has grown. Plotnick, an associate professor of cinema and media studies at Indiana University in Bloomington, is the leading expert on buttons and how people interact with them. She studies the relationship between technology and society with a focus on everyday or overlooked technologies, and wrote the 2018 book Power Button A History of Pleasure, Panic, and the Politics of PushingThe MIT Press. Now, companies are reaching out to her to help improve their tactile controls. Rachel Plotnick on... You wrote a book a few years ago about the history of buttons. What inspired that book? Rachel PlotnickAround 2009, I noticed there was a lot of discourse in the news about the death of the button. This was a couple years after the first iPhone had come out, and a lot of people were saying that, as touchscreens were becoming more popular, eventually we werent going to have any more physical buttons to push. This started to happen across a range of devices like the Microsoft Kinect, and after films like Minority Report had come out in the early 2000s, everyone thought we were moving to this kind of gesture or speech interface. I was fascinated by this idea that an entire interface could die, and that led me down this big wormhole, to try to understand how we came to be a society that pushed buttons everywhere we went. Rachel Plotnick studies the ways we use everyday technologies and how they shape our relationships with each other and the world.Rachel Plotnick The more that I looked around, the more that I saw not only were we pressing digital buttons on social media and to order things from Amazon, but also to start our coffee makers and go up and down in elevators and operate our televisions. The pervasiveness of the button as a technology pitted against this idea of buttons disappearing seemed like such an interesting dichotomy to me. And so I wanted to understand an origin story, if I could come up with it, of where buttons came from. What did you find in your research? PlotnickOne of the biggest observations I made was that a lot of fears and fantasies around pushing buttons were the same 100 years ago as they are today. I expected to see this society that wildly transformed and used buttons in such a different way, but I saw these persistent anxieties over time about control and who gets to push the button, and also these pleasures around button pushing that we can use for advertising and to make technology simpler. That pendulum swing between fantasy and fear, pleasure and panic, and how those themes persisted over more than a century was what really interested me. I liked seeing the connections between the past and the present. Back to top Weve experienced the rise of touchscreens, but now we might be seeing another shifta renaissance in buttons and physical controls. Whats prompting the trend? PlotnickThere was this kind of touchscreen mania, where all of a sudden everything became a touchscreen. Your car was a touchscreen, your refrigerator was a touchscreen. Over time, people became somewhat fatigued with that. Thats not to say touchscreens arent a really useful interface, I think they are. But on the other hand, people seem to have a hunger for physical buttons, both because you dont always have to look at themyou can feel your way around for them when you dont want to directly pay attention to thembut also because they offer a greater range of tactility and feedback. If you look at gamers playing video games, they want to push a lot of buttons on those controls. And if you look at DJs and digital musicians, they have endless amounts of buttons and joysticks and dials to make music. There seems to be this kind of richness of the tactile experience thats afforded by pushing buttons. Theyre not perfect for every situation, but I think increasingly, were realizing the merit that the interface offers. What else is motivating the re-buttoning of consumer devices? PlotnickMaybe screen fatigue. We spend all our days and nights on these devices, scrolling or constantly flipping through pages and videos, and theres something tiring about that. The button may be a way to almost de-technologize our everyday existence, to a certain extent. Thats not to say buttons dont work with screens very nicelytheyre often partners. But in a way, its taking away the priority of vision as a sense, and recognizing that a screen isnt always the best way to interact with something. When Im driving, its actually unsafe for my car to be operated in that way. Its hard to generalize and say, buttons are always easy and good, and touchscreens are difficult and bad, or vice versa. Buttons tend to offer you a really limited range of possibilities in terms of what you can do. Maybe that simplicity of limiting our field of choices offers more safety in certain situations. It also seems like theres an accessibility issue when prioritizing vision in device interfaces, right? PlotnickThe blind community had to fight for years to make touchscreens more accessible. Its always been funny to me that we call them touchscreens. We think about them as a touch modality, but a touchscreen prioritizes the visual. Over the last few years, were seeing Alexa and Siri and a lot of these other voice-activated systems that are making things a little bit more auditory as a way to deal with that. But the touchscreen is oriented around visuality. It sounds like, in general, having multiple interface options is the best way to move forwardnot that touchscreens are going to become completely passé, just like the button never actually died. PlotnickI think thats accurate. We see paradigm shifts over time with technologies, but for the most part, we often recycle old ideas. Its striking that if we look at the 1800s, people were sending messages via telegraph about what the future would look like if we all had this dashboard of buttons at our command where we could communicate with anyone and shop for anything. And thats essentially what our smartphones became. We still have this dashboard menu approach. I think it means carefully considering what the right interface is for each situation. Back to top Several companies have reached out to you to learn from your expertise. What do they want to know? Plotnick I think there is a hunger out there from companies designing buttons or consumer technologies to try to understand the history of how we used to do things, how we might bring that to bear on the present, and what the future looks like with these interfaces. Ive had a number of interesting discussions with companies, including one that manufactures push-button interfaces. I had a conversation with them about medical devices like CT machines and X-ray machines, trying to imagine the easiest way to push a button in that situation, to save people time and improve the patient encounter. Ive also talked to people about what will make someone use a defibrillator or not. Even though its really simple to go up to these automatic machines, if you see someone going into cardiac arrest in a mall or out on the street, a lot of people are terrified to actually push the button that would get this machine started. We had a really fascinating discussion about why someone wouldnt push a button, and what would it take to get them to feel okay about doing that. In all of these cases, these are design questions, but theyre also social and cultural questions. I like the idea that people who are in the humanities studying these things from a long-term perspective can also speak to engineers trying to build these devices. So these companies also want to know about the history of buttons? PlotnickIve had some fascinating conversations around history. We all want to learn what mistakes not to make and what worked well in the past. Theres often this narrative of progress, that things are only getting better with technology over time. But if we look at these lessons, I think we can see that sometimes things were simpler or better in a past moment, and sometimes they were harder. Often with new technologies, we think were completely reinventing the wheel. But maybe these concepts existed a long time ago, and we havent paid attention to that. Theres a lot to be learned from the past. Back to top This article appears in the March 2025 print issue as Bring Back Buttons. Gwendolyn Rak is an assistant editor at IEEE Spectrum covering consumer electronics and careers. She holds a masters degree in science journalism from New York University and a bachelors degree in astrophysics and history from Swarthmore College. Touch screens in cars are next level bullshit and dangerous. Bring back the buttons!My Audi did have a hybrid approach which was perfect. I designed user interfaces for steel forming machines, and yes there was a screen for selecting the file, and then selecting pieces to make from the file. and that bit had a touch screen, although the buttons on screen were fairly large , arranged in different colours by function, there were arrows between buttons to suggest a workflow. But the actual machine control was 5 physical buttons, and these were illuminated as required and sometimes flashed to indicate probable workflow. And of course there was the big red mushroom button! nothing moved when that was pressed! When I was designing user interfaces, it was all about minimizing distraction from eyes on the road and touchscreens never delivered on that even when we made the screen haptic. Apart from having to look at the screen for a period of time to find the touchscreen button, the movement of the care requires more time to find the button. A large clear high contrast screen with quickly comprehended information which supports fixed and soft allocated buttons and rotary knobs for changing values where rate of change is also valuable - and you barely need to look and can hold.

Making steel produces a lot of greenhouse-gas emissions. Now, construction is underway in Sweden on an industrial-scale plant that will emit almost zero carbon dioxide. Boston Metal, LKAB, Midrex, Stegra 1 year A method for using hydrogen made with renewable power to produce steel could help clean up the industry, which accounts for about 8 of the worlds carbon emissions. Most steel is still made in coal-based blast furnaces that churn out about two tons of carbon dioxide or more for every ton of steel. A newer commercial technique called direct reduction, which uses natural gas to turn iron ore into iron a key ingredient in steel, yields about a 40 reduction in emissions. But thats still a lot of carbon pollution. So several companies are developing ways to use hydrogen made with renewable power to react with iron ore to make ironthe most energy-intensive and dirtiest step of the steelmaking process. These processes could, in theory, produce close to zero emissions. Explore the full 2025 list of 10 Breakthrough Technologies. Stegra, a Swedish startup, has raised nearly 7 billion to build such a plant in Boden, in northern Sweden. In September, the company renamed itself from H2 Green Steel. It will make hydrogen by splitting water with electrolysis, using clean electricity supplied by a mix of wind and hydropower. The plant is on track to begin production in 2026, which could make it the first industrial-scale operation of its kind. The Swedish startup Stegra has raised close to 7 billion to produce zero-emissions steel using green hydrogen starting in 2026. Hybrit, a technology developed by the steelmaker SSAB, the mining company LKAB, and the energy company Vattenfall, uses a similar process to make green steel. LKAB is now constructing a plant in Gällivare, Sweden, adjacent to its iron-ore mine. Those plans have been delayed, however, by challenges in getting an environmental permit. Another way to make green steel is to break the bonds in iron oxide by running a current through a mixture of iron ore and an electrolyte, separating out the purified metal. If you have a clean source of electricity, this process could have an extremely small carbon footprint. Boston Metal aims to commercialize a version of it, which it hopes to license in 2026. The Stegra plant will produce 4.5 million metric tons of steel each year when its fully up and runninga small dent in the several billion metric tons made annually around the world. But showing that steel can be made without huge carbon emissions, and that customers eager for a green product will pay a premium, will be a promising start to cleaning up the industry. Hydrogen can be used in chemicals and as a green fuel. Vast underground stores could help make it an economical option. Three things to know about electricity in 2025. Global shifts, advancing tech, and data center demand Heres whats coming in 2025 and beyond. The latest fire at Moss Landing Power plant is raising concerns about battery safety. Discover special offers, top stories, upcoming events, and more. Thank you for submitting your email! It looks like something went wrong. Were having trouble saving your preferences. Try refreshing this page and updating them one more time. If you continue to get this message, reach out to us at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com with a list of newsletters youd like to receive.  2025 MIT Technology Review

The small Danish city of Odense has become known for collaborative robots. What will really matter in the long run? Thats the question we tackle each year as we compile this annual list. The 2025 edition was published in January. Heres what wasnt on it. AI advances are rapidly speeding up the process of training robots, and helping them do new tasks almost instantly. Making steel produces a lot of greenhouse-gas emissions. Now, construction is underway in Sweden on an industrial-scale plant that will emit almost zero carbon dioxide. Large language models unleashed the power of AI. Now its time for more efficient AIs to take over. After years of controversy, stem cells are on the cusp of cures for conditions like epilepsy and type 1 diabetes. The company is making a foray into scientific discovery with an AI built to help manufacture stem cells. A string of startups are racing to build models that can produce better and better software. They claim its the shortest path to AGI. Federal scientists warn that Americans could feel the effects of the new administrations devastating cuts for decades to come. The announcement confirms one of two rumors that circled the internet this week. The other was about superintelligence. Hydrogen can be used in chemicals and as a green fuel. Vast underground stores could help make it an economical option. The Chinese firm has pulled back the curtain to expose how the top labs may be building their next-generation models. Now things get interesting. Three things to know about electricity in 2025. Frozen embryos are filling storage banks around the world. Its a struggle to know what to do with them. Monitoring technology is increasing the power imbalance between companies and workers. Protections lag far behind. While Nomis chatbot is not the first to suggest suicide, researchers and critics say that its explicit instructionsand the companys responseare striking. Chatbots are rapidly changing how we connect to each otherand ourselves. Were never going back. Ancient DNA is telling us more and more about humans and environments long past. Could it also help rescue the future? Monitoring technology is increasing the power imbalance between companies and workers. Protections lag far behind. Frozen embryos are filling storage banks around the world. Its a struggle to know what to do with them. In her new book, Second Life, journalist and culture critic Amanda Hess scrutinizes period-tracking apps, targeted ads, and birth myths that spread online. The latest from Last week, I made a troubling discovery about an AI companion site called Botify AI It was hosting sexually charged conversations with underage celebrity bots. These bots took on characters meant to resemble, among others, Jenna Ortega as high schooler Wednesday Addams, Emma Watson as Hermione Granger, and Millie Bobby Brown. I discovered these bots also offer to send hot photos and in some instances describe age-of-consent laws as arbitrary and meant to be broken. Botify AI removed these bots after I asked questions about them, but others remain. The company said it does have filters in place meant to prevent such underage character bots from being created, but that they dont always work. Artem Rodichev, the founder and CEO of Ex-Human, which operates Botify AI, told me such issues are an industry-wide challenge affecting all conversational AI systems. For the details, which hadnt been previously reported, you should read the whole story. Putting aside the fact that the bots I tested were promoted by Botify AI as featured characters and received millions of likes before being removed, Rodichevs response highlights something important. Despite their soaring popularity, AI companionship sites mostly operate in a Wild West, with few laws or even basic rules governing them. What exactly are these companions offering, and why have they grown so popular? People have been pouring out their feelings to AI since the days of Eliza, a mock psychotherapist chatbot built in the 1960s. But its fair to say that the current craze for AI companions is different. Broadly, these sites offer an interface for chatting with AI characters that offer backstories, photos, videos, desires, and personality quirks. The companiesincluding Replika, Character.AI, and many othersoffer characters that can play lots of different roles for users, acting as friends, romantic partners, dating mentors, or confidants. Other companies enable you to build digital twins of real people. Thousands of adult-content creators have created AI versions of themselves to chat with followers and send AI-generated sexual images 24 hours a day. Whether or not sexual desire comes into the equation, AI companions differ from your garden-variety chatbot in their promise, implicit or explicit, that genuine relationships can be had with AI. While many of these companions are offered directly by the companies that make them, theres also a burgeoning industry of licensed AI companions. You may start interacting with these bots sooner than you think. Ex-Human, for example, licenses its models to Grindr, which is working on an AI wingman that will help users keep track of conversations and eventually may even date the AI agents of other users. Other companions are arising in video-game platforms and will likely start popping up in many of the varied places we spend time online. A number of criticisms, and even lawsuits, have been lodged against AI companionship sites, and were just starting to see how theyll play out. One of the most important issues is whether companies can be held liable for harmful outputs of the AI characters theyve made. Technology companies have been protected under Section 230 of the US Communications Act, which broadly holds that businesses arent liable for consequences of user-generated content. But this hinges on the idea that companies merely offer platforms for user interactions rather than creating content themselves, a notion that AI companionship bots complicate by generating dynamic, personalized responses. The question of liability will be tested in a high-stakes lawsuit against Character.AI, which was sued in October by a mother who alleges that one of its chatbots played a role in the suicide of her 14-year-old son. A trial is set to begin in November 2026. A Character.AI spokesperson, though not commenting on pending litigation, said the platform is for entertainment, not companionship. The spokesperson added that the company has rolled out new safety features for teens, including a separate model and new detection and intervention systems, as well as disclaimers to make it clear that the Character is not a real person and should not be relied on as fact or advice. My colleague Eileen has also recently written about another chatbot on a platform called Nomi, which gave clear instructions to a user on how to kill himself. Another criticism has to do with dependency. Companion sites often report that young users spend one to two hours per day, on average, chatting with their characters. In January, concerns that people could become addicted to talking with these chatbots sparked a number of tech ethics groups to file a complaint against Replika with the Federal Trade Commission, alleging that the sites design choices deceive users into developing unhealthy attachments to software masquerading as a mechanism for human-to-human relationship. It should be said that lots of people gain real value from chatting with AI, which can appear to offer some of the best facets of human relationshipsconnection, support, attraction, humor, love. But its not yet clear how these companionship sites will handle the risks of those relationships, or what rules they should be obliged to follow. More lawsuits-and, sadly, more real-world harmwill be likely before we get an answer. OpenAI released GPT-4.5 On Thursday OpenAI released its newest model, called GPT-4.5. It was built using the same recipe as its last models, but its essentially bigger OpenAI says the model is its largest yet. The company also claims its tweaked the new models responses to reduce the number of mistakes, or hallucinations. Why it matters For a while, like other AI companies, OpenAI has chugged along releasing bigger and better large language models. But GPT-4.5 might be the last to fit this paradigm. Thats because of the rise of so-called reasoning models, which can handle more complex, logic-driven tasks step by step. OpenAI says all its future models will include reasoning components. Though that will make for better responses, such models also require significantly more energy, according to early reports. Read more from Will Douglas Heaven. The small Danish city of Odense has become known for collaborative robots Robots designed to work alongside and collaborate with humans, sometimes called cobots, are not very popular in industrial settings yet. Thats partially due to safety concerns that are still being researched. A city in Denmark is leading that charge. MIT Technology Review DOGE is working on software that automates the firing of government workers Software called AutoRIF, which stands for automated reduction in force, was built by the Pentagon decades ago. Engineers for DOGE are now working to retool it for their efforts, according to screenshots reviewed by Wired. Wired Alibabas new video AI model has taken off in the AI porn community The Chinese tech giant has released a number of impressive AI models, particularly since the popularization of DeepSeek R1, a competitor from another Chinese company, earlier this year. Its latest open-source video generation model has found one particular audience enthusiasts of AI porn. 404 Media The AI Hype Index Wondering whether everything youre hearing about AI is more hype than reality? To help, we just published our latest AI Hype Index, where we judge things like DeepSeek, stem-cell-building AI, and chatbot lovers on spectrums from Hype to Reality and Doom to Utopia. Check it out for a regular reality check. MIT Technology Review These smart cameras spot wildfires before they spread California is experimenting with AI-powered cameras to identify wildfires. Its a popular application of video and image recognition technology that has advanced rapidly in recent years. The technology beats 911 callers about a third of the time and has spotted over 1,200 confirmed fires so far, the Wall Street Journal reports. Wall Street Journal Sign up to get The Algorithm weekly in your inbox. Despite fewer clicks, copyright fights, and sometimes iffy answers, AI could unlock new ways to summon all the worlds knowledge. Startups in Latvia and other nearby countries see the mobilization of Ukraine as a warning and as inspiration. They are now changing consumer productsfrom scooters to recreational dronesfor use on the battlefield. These companies are all in a position to compete both within China and beyond. The company says it is on track to build a new kind of machine based on topological qubits. Its a new way to create bi-paternal mice that can survive to adulthoodbut human applications are still a long way off. If we dont act soon, our online world will continue to be run at the whim of capricious billionaires. MIT Technology Reviews Whats Next series looks across industries, trends, and technologies to give you a first look at the future. Global shifts, advancing tech, and data center demand Heres whats coming in 2025 and beyond. You already know that agents and small language models are the next big things. Here are five other hot trends you should watch out for this year. The US still has no federal privacy law. But recent enforcement actions against data brokers may offer some new protections for Americans personal information. What happens in the US, however, will depend a lot on the incoming Trump administration. The Space Launch System is facing fresh calls for cancellation, but it still has a key role to play in NASAs return to the moon. Police drones, rapid deliveries of blood, tech-friendly regulations, and autonomous weapons are all signs that drone technology is changing quickly. The FDA is poised to approve the notorious party drug as a therapy. Heres what it means, and where similar drugs stand in the US. If we want our vaccine production process to be more robust and faster, well have to stop relying on chicken eggs. How Big Tech, startups, AI devices, and trade wars will transform the way chips are made and the technologies they power. OpenAIs Sora has raised the bar for AI moviemaking. Here are four things to bear in mind as we wrap our heads around whats coming. All the latest from MIT Alumni News, the alumni magazine of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. As machine learning and generative AI reshape the world, MITs Schwarzman College of Computing is integrating these and other advanced computing technologies into classrooms and labs across campus. The annual three-day Mystery Hunt returns to campus January 17. Heres how last years puzzle marathon played out. Some technology companies have found manipulative ways to inspire irrational levels of devotion. Should we be worried? MIT engineers have used 3D printing to create reusable glass bricks that withstand as much pressure as concrete blocks. The awards honor work on gene regulation and the relationship between political systems and economic growth. A new system could make brackish groundwater drinkable at low cost in communities where seawater and grid power are limited. On MITs First Nations Launch team, embracing our cultural heritage makes us better engineers. Yale has Skull and Bones. Dartmouth has Sphinx. Harvard has the Porcellian Club. And for more than half a century, MIT had Osiris. At East Campus, ambitious construction projects draw first-year students to the dorm each fall. From the field Top best practices and techniques In partnership withMicrosoft Azure Shan built Glaze and Nightshade, two tools that help artists protect their copyright. AI models cant understand African languages. Lelapa AI is trying to change that. Researchers are using generative AI and other techniques to teach robots new skillsincluding tasks they could perform in homes. Starting next year, Antoras new manufacturing plant will produce modular thermal batteries to help decarbonize heavy industries. For 73, I bought genetically modified tomato seeds and a glowing petunia.  2025 MIT Technology Review

AI advances are rapidly speeding up the process of training robots, and helping them do new tasks almost instantly. Agility, Amazon, Covariant, Robust, Toyota Research Institute Now Generative AI is causing a paradigm shift in how robots are trained. Its now clear how we might finally build the sort of truly capable robots that have for decades remained the stuff of science fiction. Robotics researchers are no strangers to artificial intelligenceit has for years helped robots detect objects in their path, for example. But a few years ago, roboticists began marveling at the progress being made in large language models. Makers of those models could feed them massive amounts of textbooks, poems, manualsand then fine-tune them to generate text based on prompts. Explore the full 2025 list of 10 Breakthrough Technologies. The idea of doing the same for robotics was tantalizingbut incredibly complicated. Its one thing to use AI to create sentences on a screen, but another thing entirely to use it to coach a physical robot in how to move about and do useful things. If most robots still need remote human operators to be safe and effective, why should we welcome them into our homes? Now, roboticists have made major breakthroughs in that pursuit. One was figuring out how to combine different sorts of data and then make it all useful and legible to a robot. Take washing dishes as an example. You can collect data from someone washing dishes while wearing sensors. Then you can combine that with teleoperation data from a human doing the same task with robotic arms. On top of all that, you can also scrape the internet for images and videos of people doing dishes. By merging these data sources properly into a new AI model, its possible to train a robot that, though not perfect, has a massive head start over those trained with more manual methods. Seeing so many ways that a single task can be done makes it easier for AI models to improvise, and to surmise what a robots next move should be in the real world. Its a breakthrough thats set to redefine how robots learn. Robots that work in commercial spaces like warehouses are already using such advanced training methods, and the lessons we learn from those experiments could lay the groundwork for smart robots that help out at home. With a new reasoning model that matches the performance of ChatGPT o1, DeepSeek managed to turn restrictions into innovation. A string of startups are racing to build models that can produce better and better software. They claim its the shortest path to AGI. The announcement confirms one of two rumors that circled the internet this week. The other was about superintelligence. The Chinese firm has pulled back the curtain to expose how the top labs may be building their next-generation models. Now things get interesting. Discover special offers, top stories, upcoming events, and more. Thank you for submitting your email! It looks like something went wrong. Were having trouble saving your preferences. Try refreshing this page and updating them one more time. If you continue to get this message, reach out to us at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com with a list of newsletters youd like to receive.  2025 MIT Technology Review

Utterances like um, wow, and mm-hmm arent garbagethey keep conversations flowing. Listen carefully to a spoken conversation and youll notice that the speakers use a lot of little quasi-wordsmm-hmm, um, huh? and the likethat dont convey any information about the topic of the conversation itself. For many decades, linguists regarded such utterances as largely irrelevant noise, the flotsam and jetsam that accumulate on the margins of language when speakers arent as articulate as theyd like to be. But these little words may be much more important than that. A few linguists now think that far from being detritus, they may be crucial traffic signals to regulate the flow of conversation as well as tools to negotiate mutual understanding. That puts them at the heart of language itselfand they may be the hardest part of language for artificial intelligence to master. Here is this phenomenon that lives right under our nose, that we barely noticed, says Mark Dingemanse, a linguist at Radboud University in the Netherlands, that turns out to upend our ideas of what makes complex language even possible in the first place. For most of the history of linguistics, scholars have tended to focus on written language, in large part because thats what they had records of. But once recordings of conversation became available, they could begin to analyze spoken language the same way as writing. When they did, they observed that interjectionsthat is, short utterances of just a word or two that are not part of a larger sentencewere ubiquitous in everyday speech. One in every seven utterances are one of these things, says Dingemanse, who explores the use of interjections in the 2024 Annual Review of Linguistics. Youre going to find one of those little guys flying by every 12 seconds. Apparently, we need them. Many of these interjections serve to regulate the flow of conversation. Think of it as a tool kit for conducting interactions, says Dingemanse. If you want to have streamlined conversations, these are the tools you need. An um or uh from the speaker, for example, signals that theyre about to pause, but arent finished speaking. A quick huh? or what? from the listener, on the other hand, can signal a failure of communication that the speaker needs to repair. That need seems to be universal In a survey of 31 languages around the world, Dingemanse and his colleagues found that all of them used a short, neutral syllable similar to huh? as a repair signal, probably because its quick to produce. In that moment of difficulty, youre going to need the simplest possible question word, and thats what huh? is, says Dingemanse. We think all societies will stumble on this, for the same reason. Other interjections serve as what some linguists call continuers, such as mm-hmm  signals from the listener that theyre paying attention and the speaker should keep going. Once again, the form of the word is well suited to its function Because mm-hmm is made with a closed mouth, its clear that the signaler does not intend to speak. Sign languages often handle continuers differently, but then again, two people signing at the same time can be less disruptive than two people speaking, says Carl Börstell, a linguist at the University of Bergen in Norway. In Swedish Sign Language, for example, listeners often sign yes as a continuer for long stretches, but to keep this continuer unobtrusive, the sender tends to hold their hands lower than usual. Different interjections can send slightly different signals. Consider, for example, one person describing to another how to build a piece of Ikea furniture, says Allison Nguyen, a psycholinguist at Illinois State University. In such a conversation, mm-hmm might indicate that the speaker should continue explaining the current step, while yeah or OK would imply that the listener is done with that step and its time to move on to the next. Continuers arent merely for politenessthey really matter to a conversation, says Dingemanse. In one classic experiment from more than two decades ago, 34 undergraduate students listened as another volunteer told them a story. Some of the listeners gave the usual Im listening signals, while otherswho had been instructed to count the number of words beginning with the letter twere too distracted to do so. The lack of normal signals from the listeners led to stories that were less well crafted, the researchers found. That shows that these little words are quite consequential, says Dingemanse. Nguyen agrees that such words are far from meaningless. They really do a lot for mutual understanding and mutual conversation, she says. Shes now working to see if emojis serve similar functions in text conversations. The role of interjections goes even deeper than regulating the flow of conversation. Interjections also help in negotiating the ground rules of a conversation. Every time two people converse, they need to establish an understanding of where each is coming from what each participant knows to begin with, what they think the other person knows and how much detail they want to hear. Much of this workwhat linguists call groundingis carried out by interjections. If Im telling you a story and you say something like Wow! I might find that encouraging and add more detail, says Nguyen. But if you do something like, Uh-huh, Im going to assume you arent interested in more detail. A key part of grounding is working out what each participant thinks about the others knowledge, says Martina Wiltschko, a theoretical linguist at the Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies in Barcelona, Spain. Some languages, like Mandarin, explicitly differentiate between Im telling you something you didnt know and Im telling you something that I think you knew already. In English, that task falls largely on interjections. One of Wiltschkos favorite examples is the Canadian eh? If I tell you you have a new dog, Im usually not telling you stuff you dont know, so its weird for me to tell you, she says. But You have a new dog, eh? eliminates the weirdness by flagging the statement as news to the speaker, not the listener. Other interjections can indicate that the speaker knows theyre not giving the other participant what they sought. If you ask me whats the weather like in Barcelona, I can say Well, I havent been outside yet, says Wiltschko. The well is an acknowledgement that shes not quite answering the question. Wiltschko and her students have now examined more than 20 languages, and every one of them uses little words for negotiations like these. I havent found a language that doesnt do these three general things what I know, what I think you know and turn-taking, she says. They are key to regulating conversations, she adds We are building common ground, and we are taking turns. Details like these arent just arcana for linguists to obsess over. Using interjections properly is a key part of sounding fluent in speaking a second language, notes Wiltschko, but language teachers often ignore them. When it comes to language teaching, you get points deducted for using ums and uhs, because youre not fluent, she says. But native speakers use them, because it helps! They should be taught. Artificial intelligence, too, can struggle to use interjections well, she notes, making them the best way to distinguish between a computer and a real human. And interjections also provide a window into interpersonal relationships. These little markers say so much about what you think, she saysand theyre harder to control than the actual content. Maybe couples therapists, for example, would find that interjections afford useful insights into how their clients regard one another and how they negotiate power in a conversation. The interjection oh often signals confrontation, she says, as in the difference between Do you want to go out for dinner? and Oh, so now you want to go out for dinner? Indeed, these little words go right to the heart of language and what it is for. Language exists because we need to interact with one another, says Börstell. For me, thats the main reason for language being so successful. Dingemanse goes one step further. Interjections, he says, dont just facilitate our conversations. In negotiating points of view and grounding, theyre also how language talks about talking. With huh? you say not just I didnt understand, says Dingemanse. Its I understand youre trying to tell me something, but I didnt get it. That reflexivity enables more sophisticated speech and thought. Indeed, he says, I dont think we would have complex language if it were not for these simple words. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

Pick the subscription right for you and cancel any time. Ad-free experience Ars subscribers get no banner ads, no video pre-rolls, and can enjoy Ars entirely ad-free while supporting our work No trackers Pages are completely tracker-free, offering an additional layer of privacy when you browse Ars Ars Classic view Browse the front page in the original blog-style format, with the first three paragraphs of each story visible Neutron Star view Super dense headline mode with keyboard navigation Topic filtering Subscribers can turn off topics they dont want to see, and change the Most Read topic Optimized reading layout The ad-free experience includes a page layout that optimizes for content Optional wide text mode In addition to changing the text size and link colors subscribers can opt for a wider text column for increased page density Full-text RSS feeds Read all Ars content from your favorite RSS reader Access to subscriber forums Enjoy discussions with your fellow geeks in the Lounge, our safe haven from trolls and social media PDF downloads A convenient way to archive stories Help Ars focus on its core journalistic mission Your subscription helps Ars focus on its core journalistic mission  2025 Condé Nast. All Rights Reserved. Use of andor registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement updated 1120 and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement updated 1120 and Ars Technica Addendum effective 8212018. Ars may earn compensation on sales from links on this site. Read our affiliate link policy. Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices.

Larger species face higher cancer risks but those that reached that size rapidly evolved mitigating mechanisms. A longstanding scientific belief about a link between cancer prevalence and animal body size has tested for the first time in our new study ranging across hundreds of animal species. If larger animals have more cells, and cancer comes from cells going rogue, then the largest animals on Earthlike elephants and whalesshould be riddled with tumours. Yet, for decades, there has been little evidence to support this idea. Many species seem to defy this expectation entirely. For example, budgies are notorious among pet owners for being prone to renal cancer despite weighing only 35 g. Yet cancer only accounts for around 2 percent of mortality among roe deer up to 35 kg. Petos paradox is that bigger, longer-lived species should have higher cancer prevalence, yet they dont seem to. Back in 1977, Professor Sir Richard Peto noted that, on a cell-by-cell basis, mice seem to have much higher susceptibility to cancer than humans. This has led to speculation that larger species must have evolved natural cancer defenses. Several examples of these cancer defenses have since been identified. For example, Asian elephants, a species with notably low cancer prevalence, have over 20 copies of a tumour suppressor gene TP53 compared to our own lone copy. However, scientists are yet to find broader evidence across a range of animal species. Our new study challenges Petos paradox. We used a recently compiled dataset of cancer prevalence in over 260 species of amphibians, birds, mammals, and reptiles from wildlife institutions. Then, using powerful modern statistical techniques, we compared cancer prevalence between the animals. We found that larger species do, in fact, have more cancer compared to smaller ones. This holds across all four major vertebrate groups, meaning that the traditional interpretation of Petos paradox doesnt hold up. But the story doesnt end there. At first look, our findings seemed to be at odds with another long-standing scientific idea. Copes rule is that evolution has repeatedly favored larger body sizes, because of advantages like improved predation and resilience. But why would natural selection drive species toward a trait that carries an inherent risk of cancer? The answer lies in how quickly body size evolves. We found that birds and mammals that reached large sizes more rapidly have reduced cancer prevalence. For example, the common dolphin, Delphinus delphis evolved to reach its large body sizealong with most other whales and dolphins referred to as cetaceans about three times faster than other mammals. However, cetaceans tend to have less cancer than expected. Larger species face higher cancer risks but those that reached that size rapidly evolved mechanisms for mitigating it, such as lower mutation rates or enhanced DNA repair mechanisms. So rather than contradicting Copes rule, our findings refine it. Larger bodies often evolve, but not as quickly in groups where the burden of cancer is higher. This means that the threat of cancer may have shaped the pace of evolution. Humans evolved to our current body size relatively rapidly. Based on this, we would expect humans and bats to have similar cancer prevalence, because we evolved at a much, much faster rate. However, it is important to note that our results cant explain the actual prevalence of cancer in humans. Nor is that an easy statistic to estimate. Human cancer is a complicated story to unravel, with a plethora of types and many factors affecting its prevalence. For example, many humans not only have access to modern medicine but also varied lifestyles that affect cancer risk. For this reason, we did not include humans in our analysis. Understanding how species naturally evolve cancer defences has important implications for human medicine. The naked mole rat, for example, is studied for its exceptionally low cancer prevalence in the hopes of uncovering new ways to prevent or treat cancer in humans. Only a few cancer cases have ever been observed in captive mole rats, so the exact mechanisms of their cancer resistance remain mostly a mystery. At the same time, our findings raise new questions. Although birds and mammals that evolved quickly seem to have stronger anti-cancer mechanisms, amphibians and reptiles didnt show the same pattern. Larger species had higher cancer prevalence regardless of how quickly they evolved. This could be due to differences in their regenerative abilities. Some amphibians, like salamanders, can regenerate entire limbsa process that involves lots of cell division, which cancer could exploit. Putting cancer into an evolutionary context allowed us to reveal that its prevalence does increase with body size. Studying this evolutionary arms race may unlock new insights into how nature fights cancerand how we might do the same. Joanna Baker, Postdoctoral Researcher in Evolutionary Biology, University of Reading and George Butler, Career Development Fellow in Cancer Evolution, UCL. This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

Google says government proposals would harm Americas consumers. Google has gotten its first taste of remedies that Donald Trumps Department of Justice plans to pursue to break up the tech giants monopoly in search. In the first filing since Trump allies took over the department, government lawyers backed off a key proposal submitted by the Biden DOJ. The government wont ask the court to force Google to sell off its AI investments, and the way it intends to handle Android is changing. However, the most serious penalty is intactGoogles popular Chrome browser is still on the chopping block. Googles illegal conduct has created an economic goliath, one that wreaks havoc over the marketplace to ensure thatno matter what occursGoogle always wins, the DOJ filing says. To that end, the government maintains that Chrome must go if the playing field is to be made level again. The DOJ is asking the court to force Google to promptly and fully divest itself of Chrome, along with any data or other assets required for its continued operation. It is essentially aiming to take the Chrome user baseconsisting of some 3.4 billion peopleaway from Google and hand it to a competitor. The government will vet any potential buyers to ensure the sale does not pose a national security threat. During the term of the judgment, Google would not be allowed to release any new browsers. However, it may continue to contribute to the open source Chromium project. Credit Getty Images This filing includes some changes from the initial remedy filings of 2024, but more changes could be coming. The case is currently under the purview of Omeed Assefi, who is leading the DOJs Antitrust Division until Trump nominee Gail Slater gets Senate confirmation. Slater expressed support for increased scrutiny of Big Tech in her confirmation hearings, suggesting she could seek to turn the screws on Google after taking charge. Unsurprisingly, Googles remedy position is light-years away from the Justice Departments. DOJs sweeping proposals continue to go miles beyond the Courts decision and would harm Americas consumers, economy, and national security, said a Google spokesperson. As expected, Google did not change its suggested remedies in the case, handing the court a proposal identical to the one it filed months ago. Google says its open to changing the way search placement deals work for browsers and Android devices, plus it would accept some additional regulatory oversight to ensure compliance. However, staffing changes at the DOJ and Googles recent meetings have not done much to change the governments desire to carve up the company. There are two notable changes in the governments position regarding Android and AI investment. Neither area will completely escape the governments grasp under the proposed remedies, but Google wont have to sell anything immediately. This case centered on search and did not initially hinge on artificial intelligence. However, things have changed in the years since this case began. Last year, Judge Mehta allowed the government to seek limits on Googles AI investments on the basis that AI was going to be a core part of web search going forward. Google has unintentionally proven that point just recently when it debuted its new AI Mode in search, which replaces the list of 10 blue links with an AI-derived answer. However, the DOJ is no longer making this request. This is a small but important win for Google, which has been pumping billions into firms like Anthropic as the AI market takes shape. The company claimed that limiting its activities in this area would weaken US leadership in AI. It made this case to the newly restaffed DOJ in recent weeks, and it apparently had an impact. The DOJ no longer seeks to force Google to divest from competing AI firms. Instead, Google would have to notify the government before making new AI investments. Credit Ryan Whitwam Previously, the government offered Google the option to sell Android in lieu of making any changes to how the platform operates. However, the divestment option is no longer on the table, not that Google was anxious to rid itself of such a key piece of its business. Now, the Justice Department wants the court to impose a raft of restrictions on how Google can promote its products on Android. The government proposes that Google should be prohibited from making any of its search or generative AI products mandatory on Android, for example, by limiting access to AI Core or other APIs. Similarly, Google would be prevented from pressuring its partners to use Google search or AI services over the competition. If none of this is effective at breaking up Googles monopoly, or if Google attempts to ignore the remedies, the government could force Google to sell Android. In this instance, the government would have the final say on who buys the operating system. With this round of filings in the rearview mirror, the next phase of the case is expected to get underway in the coming weeks. After the final ruling, Google will most likely seek to have the remedies delayed while it appeals, as it did in the Play Store trial versus Epic last year. While Google may be relieved that the DOJ is relaxing its stance on AI investments, the company is still not happy with the way the case has gone. It still hopes to have the ruling overturned on appeal, thus rendering the discussion of remedies moot. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

Australia made explicit risks of fire andor burns for non-updated 4a models. Google didnt explain exactly why it shipped a mandatory software update to the Pixel 4a, an Android phone from 2020, earlier this year. The nature of that update, which gave some models all but unusable battery life, provided some clues, as did later software analysis. But now, Australian authorities have provided a more concrete answer battery overheating and fire risk. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commissions ACCC Product Safety arm issued a recall for the Pixel 4a late last week. The reason, the commission said, is that Googles firmware update and battery changes served to mitigate the risk of overheating because an overheating battery could pose a risk of fire andor burns to a user. In the US and elsewhere, Googles messaging did not use the term recall. Google stated on its Pixel 4a Battery Performance Program page that certain Pixel 4a models require a software update to improve the stability of their batterys performance, which also reduces available battery capacity and impacts charging performance. Google said it is still safe to charge a Pixel 4a. Australias notice does not offer any remedies beyond what Google has offered and functionally serves as notice that its important to update the devices. The same support page for checking if your Pixel 4a is affectedand receiving a remedy in either payment, a battery replacement, or Google Store creditis linked from the ACCCs web notice. Googles support page notes that its update and remedy options are separate from statutory rights provided in various countries. Googles update to affected Pixel 4a devices drastically reduced their charging potential, essentially by half. One Ars staffer saw their Pixel 4a battery life drop to less than two hours on a full charge. Code in the updated Pixel 4a kernel, examined by noted hardware analyst Hector Martin, suggested that batteries had either ATL or LSN profiles. Those with the LSN tagpotentially the battery cell maker Lishenhad their charging capacities capped. Ars has asked Google for comment on the Australian recall notice and its own support page and will update this post if we get a response. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

